-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VaeWWf7891W3gUi52OSL6iec3HvjR3zFp9Dmg8vqwNM7wPTzWMwfDKhLWPC7IZtM
 C46Ux2kVsXdZ2MRJjkKQiA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-95-003162.txt : 19951202
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-95-003162.hdr.sgml : 19951202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-95-003162
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Resignations of registrant's directors
FILED AS OF DATE:		19951130
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DELL COMPUTER CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000826083
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				742487834
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17017
		FILM NUMBER:		95597613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2112 KRAMER LN - BLDG 1
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5123384400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2112 KRAMER LN - BLDG 1
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            Washington, D.C.  20549

                                  -----------


                                    FORM 8-K

                                CURRENT REPORT

                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):  November 29, 1995

                          Dell Computer Corporation
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                   Delaware
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)


0-17017                                                               74-2487834
- -----------------------------      ---------------------------------------------
Commission File Number                         (IRS Employer Identification No.)

2214 W. Braker Lane, Suite D, Austin, Texas                           78758-4053
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)

                                (512) 338-4400
                         -----------------------------
                         Registrant's Telephone Number
<PAGE>   2
Item 5.  Other Events.

                 On November 29, 1995, the Board of Directors of Dell Computer
Corporation (the "Company") declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase
right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $.01
per share (the "Common Shares"), of the Company.  The dividend is payable on
December 13, 1995 (the "Record Date") to the stockholders of record on that
date.  Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company
one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company at a price of
$225 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"),
subject to adjustment.  The description and terms of the Rights are set forth
in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and Chemical
Bank, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

                 Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (other
than (A) the Company, (B) a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, (C) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any majority-owned subsidiary of the
Company, (D) any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of
any such plan or (E) Mr. Michael S. Dell, his affiliates and associates, his
heirs, and any trust or foundation to which he has transferred or may transfer
Common Shares of the Company ("Michael Dell", and each of the persons listed in
(A) through (E) above, an "excepted person")) (an "Acquiring Person") have
acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares
or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may be determined by action of
the Board of Directors prior to such time as any person or group of affiliated
persons becomes an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or
announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or
group of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares (the earlier of such
dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights will be evidenced, with
respect to any of the Common Share certificates outstanding as of the Record
Date, by such Common Share certificate with a copy of the Summary of Rights
attached thereto.

                 The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution
Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the Rights will be
transferred with and only with





                                 Page 2 of 7
<PAGE>   3
the Common Shares.  Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or
expiration of the Rights), new Common Share certificates issued after the
Record Date upon transfer or new issuance of Common Shares will contain a
notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference.  Until the
Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the
surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Shares outstanding as of
the Record Date, even without such notation or a copy of the Summary of Rights
being attached thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificate.  As soon as
practicable following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing
the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the
Common Shares as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such
separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

                 The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date.
The Rights will expire on November 29, 2005 (the "Final Expiration Date"),
unless the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier
redeemed or exchanged by the Company, in each case, as described below.

                 The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Shares of
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares at a
price, or securities convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then-current market price of the Preferred Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of
earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Preferred Shares) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

                 The number of outstanding Rights and the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares
or a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or
subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in
any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.

                 Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will
not be redeemable.  Each Preferred Share will be entitled to a minimum
preferential quarterly dividend payment of $1 per share but will be entitled to
an aggregate dividend of 1000 times the dividend declared per Common Share.  In
the





                                 Page 3 of 7
<PAGE>   4
event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to a
minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1000 per share but will be
entitled to an aggregate payment of 1000 times the payment made per Common
Share.  Each Preferred Share will have 1000 votes, voting together with the
Common Shares.  Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other
transaction in which Common Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be
entitled to receive 1000 times the amount received per Common Share.  These
rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.

                 Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend,
liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in
a Preferred Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate
the value of one Common Share.

                 In the event that the Company is acquired by any person other
than Michael Dell in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50%
or more of its consolidated assets or earning power are sold to any person
other than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries or
Michael Dell after a person or group has become an Acquiring Person, proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter have the
right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then current exercise price
of the Right, that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company
which at the time of such transaction will have a market value of two times the
exercise price of the Right.  In the event that any person or group of
affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, proper provision
shall be made so that each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially
owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be void), will thereafter
have the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common Shares having a
market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.

                 At any time after any person or group becomes an Acquiring
Person and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company may
exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which will
have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common
Share, or one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (or of a share of a class or
series of the Company's preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences
and privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment).

                 With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price.  No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth





                                 Page 4 of 7
<PAGE>   5
of a Preferred Share, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced
by depositary receipts) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made
based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior
to the date of exercise.

                 At any time prior to the acquisition by a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons (other than an excepted person) of beneficial
ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of
Directors of the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a
price of $.001 per Right (the "Redemption Price").  The redemption of the
Rights may be made effective at such time on such basis with such conditions as
the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish.  Immediately upon
any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate
and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption
Price.

                 The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights,
including an amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not less
than the greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the
outstanding Common Shares then known to the Company to be beneficially owned by
any person or group of affiliated or associated persons (other than an excepted
person) and (ii) 10%, except that from and after such time as any person or
group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person no such
amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights.

                 Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

                 The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects.  The Rights
will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire
the Company on terms not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, except
pursuant to an offer conditioned on a substantial number of Rights being
acquired.  The Rights should not interfere with any merger or other business
combination approved by the Board of Directors since the Rights may be redeemed
by the Company at the Redemption Price prior to the time that a person or group
has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the Common Shares.





                                 Page 5 of 7
<PAGE>   6

                 The Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1995, between 
the Company and Chemical Bank, as Rights Agent, specifying the terms of the
Rights and including the form of Certificate of Designations setting forth
the terms of the Preferred Shares as an exhibit thereto, as well as the press
release announcing the declaration of the Rights, are attached hereto as
exhibits and are incorporated herein by reference.  The foregoing description
of the Rights is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.

Item 6.  Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.

         (c)     Exhibits

         4       Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1995, between Dell 
                 Computer Corporation and Chemical Bank which includes the form
                 of Certificate of Designations setting forth the terms of the
                 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $.01
                 per share, of Dell Computer Corporation, as Exhibit A thereto,
                 the form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B thereto and the
                 Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares as Exhibit C
                 thereto.  
        
         99      Press release dated November 29, 1995.





                                  Page 6 of 7
<PAGE>   7
                                  SIGNATURE



                 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf 
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



                                                 DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION



                                                 By /s/ THOMAS B. GREEN
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   Thomas B. Green
                                                   General Counsel and
                                                     Secretary


Date:  November 30, 1995





                                 Page 7 of 7
<PAGE>   8


                                  EXHIBIT LIST



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
<S>    <C>                                                                          
 4     Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1995, between Dell Computer 
       Corporation and Chemical Bank which includes the form of Certificate of
       Designations setting forth the terms of the Series A Junior
       Participating Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, of Dell
       Computer Corporation as Exhibit A thereto, the form of Right Certificate 
       as Exhibit B thereto and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
       Shares as Exhibit C thereto.  

99     Press release dated November 29, 1995.

</TABLE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                           DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION


                                      and


                                 CHEMICAL BANK


                                  Rights Agent

                                Rights Agreement

                         Dated as of November 29, 1995


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2



                               TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Page
                                                                                                ----
<S>                                                                                              <C>
Section 1.  Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1

Section 2.  Appointment of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         7

Section 3.  Issue of Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         7

Section 4.  Form of Right Certificates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        11

Section 5.  Countersignature and Registration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        11

Section 6.  Transfer, Split Up, Combination and
              Exchange of Right Certificates;
              Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or
              Stolen Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        13

Section 7.  Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price;
              Expiration Date of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        14

Section 8.  Cancellation and Destruction of
              Right Certificates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        17

Section 9.  Availability of Preferred Shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        17

Section 10. Preferred Shares Record Date  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        18

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of
              Shares or Number of Rights  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        19

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price
              or Number of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        34

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer
              of Assets or Earning Power  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        35

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        37

Section 15. Rights of Action  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        39

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        40

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
              Stockholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        41
</TABLE>





                                      -i-
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                              <C>
Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        42

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of
              Name of Rights Agent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        43

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        45

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        48

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        50

Section 23. Redemption  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        51

Section 24. Exchange  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        52

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        55

Section 26. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        57

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        58

Section 28. Successors  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        59

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        59

Section 30. Severability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        59

Section 31. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        59

Section 32. Counterparts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        60

Section 33. Descriptive Headings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        60

Signatures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        61



Exhibit A - Form of Certificate of Designations

Exhibit B - Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit C - Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
            Shares
</TABLE>





                                      -ii-
<PAGE>   4


                 Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1995, between Dell
Computer Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Chemical Bank
(the "Rights Agent").

                 The Board of Directors of the Company has authorized and
declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for each
Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding on December
13, 1995 (the "Record Date"), each Right representing the right to purchase one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and has further authorized and
directed the issuance of one Right with respect to each Common Share that shall
become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution
Date, the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are
hereinafter defined).

                 Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                 Section 1.  Certain Definitions.  For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

                 (a)  "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person (as such term is
hereinafter defined) who or which, together with





<PAGE>   5


all Affiliates and Associates (as such terms are hereinafter defined) of such
Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner (as such term is hereinafter defined) of
15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then outstanding, but shall not
include any Excluded Person (as such term is hereinafter defined).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an "Acquiring Person" as
the result of an acquisition of Common Shares by the Company which, by reducing
the number of shares outstanding, increases the proportionate number of shares
beneficially owned by such Person to 15% or more of the Common Shares of the
Company then outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person shall become the
Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then
outstanding by reason of share purchases by the Company and shall, after such
share purchases by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any additional
Common Shares of the Company, then such Person shall be deemed to be an
"Acquiring Person".  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Board of Directors
of the Company determines in good faith that a Person who would otherwise be an
"Acquiring Person", as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
paragraph (a), has become such inadvertently, and such Person divests as
promptly as practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares so that such
Person would no longer be an "Acquiring Person", as defined pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this




                                     -2-
<PAGE>   6


paragraph (a), then such Person shall not be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person"
for any purposes of this Agreement.

                 (b)  "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

                 (c)  A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own" any securities:

              (i)     which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
         or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;

             (ii)     which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
         or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is
         exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to
         any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary
         agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members
         with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or upon
         the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other than
         these Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise; provided,  however,
         that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to
         beneficially own, securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange
         offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's
         Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted
         for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any
         agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided,




                                     -3-
<PAGE>   7


         however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or
         to beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or
         understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable
         proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or
         consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the
         applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act
         and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange
         Act (or any comparable or successor report); or

            (iii)     which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly,
         by any other Person with which such Person or any of such Person's
         Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or
         understanding (other than customary agreements with and between
         underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide
         public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
         voting (except to the extent contemplated by




                                     -4-
<PAGE>   8


         the proviso to Section 1(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of any securities of
         the Company.

                 Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial
Ownership to the contrary, the phrase "then outstanding", when used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company,
shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together
with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding
which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder.

                 (d)  "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

                 (e)  "Close of Business" on any given date shall mean 5:00
P.M., New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is
not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next
succeeding Business Day.

                 (f)  "Common Shares" when used with reference to the Company
shall mean the shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the
Company.  "Common Shares" when used with reference to any Person other than the
Company shall mean the capital stock (or equity interest) with the greatest




                                     -5-
<PAGE>   9


voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary of
another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately control such
first-mentioned Person.

                 (g)  "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

                 (h)  "Excluded Person" shall mean (i) the Company, (ii) any
Subsidiary (as such term is hereinafter defined) of the Company, (iii) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iv) any
entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or
(v) Mr. Michael S. Dell, his Affiliates or Associates, his heirs, and any trust
or foundation to which he has transferred or may transfer Common Shares of the
Company ("Michael Dell").

                 (i)  "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7 hereof.

                 (j)  "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation or
other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such
entity.

                 (k)  "Preferred Shares" shall mean shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company having
the rights and preferences set forth in the Form of Certificate of Designations
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.





                                     -6-
<PAGE>   10


                 (l)  "Redemption Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7 hereof.

                 (m)  "Shares Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of
public announcement by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring
Person has become such.

                 (n)  "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean any corporation or
other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity
securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

                 Section 2.  Appointment of Rights Agent.  The Company hereby
appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of
the Rights (who, in accordance with Section 3 hereof, shall prior to the
Distribution Date also be the holders of the Common Shares) in accordance with
the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such
appointment.  The Company may from time to time appoint such co-Rights Agents
as it may deem necessary or desirable.

                 Section 3.  Issue of Right Certificates.  (a)  Until the
earlier of (i) the tenth day after the Shares Acquisition Date or (ii) the
tenth Business Day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the
Board of Directors of the Company prior to such time as any Person becomes an
Acquiring Person) after the date of the commencement by any




                                     -7-
<PAGE>   11


Person (other than an Excluded Person) of, or of the first public announcement
of the intention of any Person (other than an Excluded Person) to commence, a
tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any Person
(other than an Excluded Person) becoming the Beneficial Owner of Common Shares
aggregating 15% or more of the then outstanding Common Shares (including any
such date which is after the date of this Agreement and prior to the issuance
of the Rights; the earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the
"Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the
provisions of Section 3(b) hereof) by the certificates for Common Shares
registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also
be deemed to be Right Certificates (as such term is hereinafter defined)) and
not by separate Right Certificates, and (y) the right to receive Right
Certificates will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of
Common Shares.  As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company
will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will countersign, and the Company
will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will, if requested, send)
by first-class, insured, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common
Shares as of the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, at the address of
such holder shown on the records of the Company, a Right Certificate, in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (a "Right Certificate"), evidencing
one Right for each




                                     -8-
<PAGE>   12


Common Share so held.  As of the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
evidenced solely by such Right Certificates.

                 (b)  On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable thereafter,
the Company will send a copy of a Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Summary of
Rights"), by first-class, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common
Shares as of the Close of Business on the Record Date, at the address of such
holder shown on the records of the Company.  With respect to certificates for
Common Shares outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution Date,
the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of
the holders thereof together with a copy of the Summary of Rights attached
thereto.  Until the Distribution Date (or the earlier of the Redemption Date or
the Final Expiration Date), the surrender for transfer of any certificate for
Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date, with or without a copy of the
Summary of Rights attached thereto, shall also constitute the transfer of the
Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby.

                 (c)  Certificates for Common Shares which become outstanding
(including, without limitation, reacquired Common Shares referred to in the
last sentence of this paragraph (c)) after the Record Date but prior to the
earliest of the




                                     -9-
<PAGE>   13


Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date shall have
impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to them the following
legend:

         This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to
         certain rights as set forth in a Rights Agreement between Dell
         Computer Corporation and Chemical Bank, dated as of November 29, 1995
         (the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated
         herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal
         executive offices of Dell Computer Corporation.  Under certain
         circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will
         be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced
         by this certificate.  Dell Computer Corporation will mail to the
         holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without
         charge after receipt of a written request therefor.  Under certain
         circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights issued to
         any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights
         Agreement) may become null and void.


With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
Distribution Date, the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by
such certificates shall be evidenced by such certificates alone, and the
surrender for transfer of any such certificate shall also constitute the
transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby.
In the event that the Company purchases or acquires any Common Shares after the
Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such
Common Shares shall be deemed cancelled and retired so that the Company shall
not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the Common Shares which
are no longer outstanding.



                                     -10-
<PAGE>   14


                 Section 4.  Form of Right Certificates.  The Right
Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase Preferred Shares and of
assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall be substantially the
same as Exhibit B hereto and may have such marks of identification or
designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the
Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with
any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of
any stock exchange or automated quotations system on which the Rights may from
time to time be listed, or to conform to usage.  Subject to the provisions of
Section 22 hereof, the Right Certificates shall entitle the holders thereof to
purchase such number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share as shall be
set forth therein at the price per one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share set
forth therein (the "Purchase Price"), but the number of such one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share and the Purchase Price shall be subject to
adjustment as provided herein.

                 Section 5.  Countersignature and Registration.  The Right
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the
Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its President, any of its Vice Presidents
or its Treasurer, either manually or by facsimile signature, shall have affixed




                                     -11-
<PAGE>   15


thereto the Company's seal or a facsimile thereof, and shall be attested by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by
facsimile signature.  The Right Certificates shall be manually countersigned by
the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless countersigned.
In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Right
Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before
countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company,
such Right Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent
and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as
though the Person who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to be such
officer of the Company; and any Right Certificate may be signed on behalf of
the Company by any Person who, at the actual date of the execution of such
Right Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Right
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement any
such Person was not such an officer.

                 Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or
cause to be kept, at its principal office, books for registration and transfer
of the Right Certificates issued hereunder.  Such books shall show the names
and addresses of the respective holders of the Right Certificates, the number
of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the




                                     -12-
<PAGE>   16


Right Certificates and the date of each of the Right Certificates.

                 Section 6.  Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of
Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates.
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, at any time after the Close of
Business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the Close of Business on
the earlier of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date, any Right
Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right Certificates representing
Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof or that have
been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up,
combined or exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates,
entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share as the Right Certificate or Right
Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase.  Any registered
holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Right
Certificate or Right Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered
to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right Certificate or Right
Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the
principal office of the Rights Agent.  Thereupon the Rights Agent shall
countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Right Certificate or
Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested.  The Company may
require




                                     -13-
<PAGE>   17


payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of
Right Certificates.

                 Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of
indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's
request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable
expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and
cancellation of the Right Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Right Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for delivery
to the registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated.

                 Section 7.  Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration
Date of Rights.  (a)  The registered holder of any Right Certificate may
exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein) in
whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the
Right Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side
thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal office of the
Rights Agent, together with payment of the Purchase Price for each one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share as to which the Rights are exercised, at or




                                     -14-
<PAGE>   18


prior to the earliest of (i) the Close of Business on November 29, 2005 (the
"Final Expiration Date"), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as
provided in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption Date"), or (iii) the time at
which such Rights are exchanged as provided in Section 24 hereof.

                 (b)  The Purchase Price for each one one-thousandth of a
Preferred Share purchasable pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially
be $225, and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in
Section 11 or 13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful money of the United
States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) below.

                 (c)  Upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly executed,
accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the shares to be purchased and
an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the
holder of such Right Certificate in accordance with Section 9 hereof by
certified check, cashier's check or money order payable to the order of the
Company, the Rights Agent shall thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any
transfer agent of the Preferred Shares certificates for the number of Preferred
Shares to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes any such
transfer agent to comply with all such




                                     -15-
<PAGE>   19


requests, or (B) requisition from the depositary agent depositary receipts
representing such number of one one- thousandths of a Preferred Share as are to
be purchased (in which case certificates for the Preferred Shares represented
by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent of the Preferred
Shares with such depositary agent) and the Company hereby directs such
depositary agent to comply with such request, (ii) when appropriate,
requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance
of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii) after receipt
of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be delivered to
or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate,
registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder and (iv)
when appropriate, after receipt, deliver such cash to or upon the order of the
registered holder of such Right Certificate.

                 (d)  In case the registered holder of any Right Certificate
shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Right
Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised
shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the registered holder of such Right
Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of
Section 14 hereof.




                                     -16-
<PAGE>   20


                 Section 8.  Cancellation and Destruction of Right
Certificates.  All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the
Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for
cancellation or in cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent,
shall be cancelled by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu
thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this
Agreement.  The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and
retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Right
Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the
exercise thereof.  The Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Right
Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company,
destroy such cancelled Right Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a
certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

                 Section 9.  Availability of Preferred Shares.  The Company
covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out
of its authorized and unissued Preferred Shares or any Preferred Shares held in
its treasury, the number of Preferred Shares that will be sufficient to permit
the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights in accordance with Section 7.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be
necessary to ensure that all Preferred Shares delivered upon exercise of




                                     -17-
<PAGE>   21


Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such Preferred
Shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and validly
authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.

                 The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when
due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which
may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right Certificates
or of any Preferred Shares upon the exercise of Rights.  The Company shall not,
however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a Person other than, or the
issuance or delivery of certificates or depositary receipts for the Preferred
Shares in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Right
Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to
deliver any certificates or depositary receipts for Preferred Shares upon the
exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax
being payable by the holder of such Right Certificate at the time of surrender)
or until it has been established to the Company's reasonable satisfaction that
no such tax is due.

                 Section 10.  Preferred Shares Record Date.  Each Person in
whose name any certificate for Preferred Shares is issued upon the exercise of
Rights shall for all purposes be




                                     -18-
<PAGE>   22


deemed to have become the holder of record of the Preferred Shares represented
thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Right
Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the
Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) was made; provided, however,
that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the
Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be
deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate
shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the Preferred Shares
transfer books of the Company are open.  Prior to the exercise of the Rights
evidenced thereby, the holder of a Right Certificate shall not be entitled to
any rights of a holder of Preferred Shares for which the Rights shall be
exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive
dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and
shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company,
except as provided herein.

                 Section 11.  Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or
Number of Rights.  The Purchase Price, the number of Preferred Shares covered
by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 11.




                                     -19-
<PAGE>   23


                 (a)  (i)  In the event the Company shall at any time after the
date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares payable in
Preferred Shares, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Shares, (C) combine
the outstanding Preferred Shares into a smaller number of Preferred Shares or
(D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred
Shares (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation
or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation),
except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase Price in effect
at the time of the record date for such dividend or of the effective date of
such subdivision, combination or reclassification, and the number and kind of
shares of capital stock issuable on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted
so that the holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to
receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of capital stock which, if such
Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a time when the
Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company were open, he would have owned
upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend,
subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, however, that in no
event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less
than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company
issuable upon exercise of one Right.




                                     -20-
<PAGE>   24


             (ii)         Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event
any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right shall thereafter
have a right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the then
current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares, such number of Common
Shares of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the
then current Purchase Price by the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred
Share for which a Right is then exercisable and dividing that product by (y)
50% of the then current per share market price of the Company's Common Shares
(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of the occurrence of
such event.  In the event that any Person shall become an Acquiring Person and
the Rights shall then be outstanding, the Company shall not take any action
which would eliminate or diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the
Rights.

                 From and after the occurrence of such event, any Rights that
are or were acquired or beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person (or any
Associate or Affiliate of such Acquiring Person) shall be void and any holder
of such Rights shall thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights under any
provision of this Agreement.  No Right Certificate shall




                                     -21-
<PAGE>   25


be issued pursuant to Section 3 that represents Rights beneficially owned by an
Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence
or any Associate or Affiliate thereof; no Right Certificate shall be issued at
any time upon the transfer of any Rights to an Acquiring Person whose Rights
would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate
thereof or to any nominee of such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate; and
any Right Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent for transfer to an
Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence
shall be cancelled.

            (iii)         In the event that there shall not be sufficient
Common Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit
the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing
subparagraph (ii), the Company shall take all such action as may be necessary
to authorize additional Common Shares for issuance upon exercise of the Rights.
In the event the Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all
such action as may be necessary to authorize such additional Common Shares, the
Company shall substitute, for each Common Share that would otherwise be
issuable upon exercise of a Right, a number of Preferred Shares or fraction
thereof such that the current per share market price of one Preferred Share
multiplied by such number or fraction is equal to the current per share




                                     -22-
<PAGE>   26


market price of one Common Share as of the date of issuance of such Preferred
Shares or fraction thereof.

                 (b)  In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Shares
entitling them (for a period expiring within 45 calendar days after such record
date) to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares (or shares having the same
rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Shares ("equivalent
preferred shares")) or securities convertible into Preferred Shares or
equivalent preferred shares at a price per Preferred Share or equivalent
preferred share (or having a conversion price per share, if a security
convertible into Preferred Shares or equivalent preferred shares) less than the
then current per share market price of the Preferred Shares (as defined in
Section 11(d)) on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after
such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in
effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of
which shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date
plus the number of Preferred Shares which the aggregate offering price of the
total number of Preferred Shares and/or equivalent preferred shares so to be
offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible
securities so to be offered)




                                     -23-
<PAGE>   27


would purchase at such current market price and the denominator of which shall
be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date plus the
number of additional Preferred Shares and/or equivalent preferred shares to be
offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities
so to be offered are initially convertible); provided, however, that in no
event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less
than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company
issuable upon exercise of one Right.  In case such subscription price may be
paid in a consideration part or all of which shall be in a form other than
cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described
in a statement filed with the Rights Agent.  Preferred Shares owned by or held
for the account of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose
of any such computation.  Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever
such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options or
warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the
Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been
fixed.

                 (c)  In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
making of a distribution to all holders of the Preferred Shares (including any
such distribution made in




                                     -24-
<PAGE>   28


connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the
continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness or assets
(other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a dividend payable in
Preferred Shares) or subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred
to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such
record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect
immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which
shall be the then current per share market price of the Preferred Shares on
such record date, less the fair market value (as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described
in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion of the assets or
evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription rights
or warrants applicable to one Preferred Share and the denominator of which
shall be such current per share market price of the Preferred Shares; provided,
however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise
of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital
stock of the Company to be issued upon exercise of one Right.  Such adjustments
shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the
event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase Price shall again be
adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record
date had not been fixed.




                                     -25-
<PAGE>   29


                 (d)  (i)  For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
"current per share market price" of any security (a "Security" for the purpose
of this Section 11(d)(i)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the
daily closing prices per share of such Security for the 30 consecutive Trading
Days (as such term is hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such date;
provided, however, that in the event that the current per share market price of
the Security is determined during a period following the announcement by the
issuer of such Security of (A) a dividend or distribution on such Security
payable in shares of such Security or securities convertible into such shares,
or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Security and
prior to the expiration of 30 Trading Days after the ex-dividend date for such
dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision, combination
or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the current per share market
price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the current market price per
share equivalent of such Security.  The closing price for each day shall be the
last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day,
the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with
respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on the New
York Stock




                                     -26-
<PAGE>   30


Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting
system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities
exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading or, if the
Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System
("NASDAQ") or such other system then in use, or, if on any such date the
Security is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid
and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in
the Security selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.  The term
"Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal national securities
exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading is open for the
transaction of business or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day.

             (ii)         For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
"current per share market price" of the Preferred Shares shall be determined in
accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i).  If the Preferred
Shares are not publicly traded, the "current per share market price" of the




                                     -27-
<PAGE>   31


Preferred Shares shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share
market price of the Common Shares as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)
(appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof), multiplied by one thousand.  If
neither the Common Shares nor the Preferred Shares are publicly held or so
listed or traded, "current per share market price" shall mean the fair value
per share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company,
whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights
Agent.

                 (e)  No adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required
unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in
the Purchase Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of
this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment.  All calculations under this
Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one
ten-millionth of a Preferred Share or one ten-thousandth of any other share or
security as the case may be.  Notwithstanding the first sentence of this
Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no
later than the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the transaction
which requires such adjustment or (ii) the date of the expiration of the right
to exercise any Rights.




                                     -28-
<PAGE>   32


                 (f)  If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
11(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become
entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than
Preferred Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon
exercise of any Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a
manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with
respect to the Preferred Shares contained in Section 11(a) through (c),
inclusive, and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10 and 13 with respect to the
Preferred Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

                 (g)  All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to
any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of
a Preferred Share purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the
Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

                 (h)  Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as
provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a
result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right
outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price,




                                     -29-
<PAGE>   33


that number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share (calculated to the
nearest one ten-millionth of a Preferred Share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x)
the number of one one-thousandths of a share covered by a Right immediately
prior to this adjustment by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment of the Purchase Price and (ii) dividing the product so
obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of
the Purchase Price.

                 (i)  The Company may elect on or after the date of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in
substitution for any adjustment in the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share purchasable upon the exercise of a Right.  Each of the Rights
outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable
for the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right
was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment.  Each Right held of
record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that
number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one hundred-thousandth) obtained by
dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the
Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of
the Purchase Price.  The Company shall make a public announcement of its
election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the
adjustment, and, if known at the time,




                                     -30-
<PAGE>   34


the amount of the adjustment to be made.  This record date may be the date on
which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if the Right
Certificates have been issued, shall be at least 10 days later than the date of
the public announcement.  If Right Certificates have been issued, upon each
adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company
shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed to holders of record
of Right Certificates on such record date Right Certificates evidencing,
subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional Rights to which such holders shall
be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company,
shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record in substitution and
replacement for the Right Certificates held by such holders prior to the date
of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new
Right Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall be
entitled after such adjustment.  Right Certificates so to be distributed shall
be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided for herein and
shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Right Certificates
on the record date specified in the public announcement.

                 (j)  Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share issuable upon
the exercise of the Rights, the




                                     -31-
<PAGE>   35


Right Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express
the Purchase Price and the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share
which were expressed in the initial Right Certificates issued hereunder.

                 (k)  Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below one one- thousandth of the then par value, if
any, of the Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the Company
shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid
and nonassessable Preferred Shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

                 (l)  In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that
an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a
specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date
of the Preferred Shares and other capital stock or securities of the Company,
if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the Preferred Shares and
other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such
exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment;
provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or
other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such




                                     -32-
<PAGE>   36


additional shares upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

                 (m)  Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the
Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine
to be advisable in order that any consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred
Shares, issuance wholly for cash of any Preferred Shares at less than the
current market price, issuance wholly for cash of Preferred Shares or
securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for
Preferred Shares, dividends on Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares or
issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to hereinabove in Section
11(b), hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Shares shall
not be taxable to such stockholders.

                 (n)  In the event that at any time after the date of this
Agreement and prior to the Distribution Date, the Company shall (i) declare or
pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or (ii) effect a
subdivision, combination or consolidation of the Common Shares (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Shares)
into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares, then in any such case (A) the
number of one one-thousandths




                                     -33-
<PAGE>   37


of a Preferred Share purchasable after such event upon proper exercise of each
Right shall be determined by multiplying the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share so purchasable immediately prior to such event by a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately
before such event and the denominator of which is the number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and (B) each Common Share outstanding
immediately after such event shall have issued with respect to it that number
of Rights which each Common Share outstanding immediately prior to such event
had issued with respect to it.  The adjustments provided for in this Section
11(n) shall be made successively whenever such a dividend is declared or paid
or such a subdivision, combination or consolidation is effected.

                 Section 12.  Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number
of Shares.  Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or 13
hereof, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate setting forth such
adjustment, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment,
(b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common
Shares or the Preferred Shares a copy of such certificate and (c) mail a brief
summary thereof to each holder of a Right Certificate in accordance with
Section 25 hereof.




                                     -34-
<PAGE>   38


                 Section 13.  Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets or Earning Power.  In the event, directly or indirectly, at any time
after a Person has become an Acquiring Person, (a) the Company shall
consolidate with, or merge with and into, any other Person (other than Michael
Dell), (b) any Person (other than Michael Dell) shall consolidate with the
Company, or merge with and into the Company and the Company shall be the
continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in connection with such
merger, all or part of the Common Shares shall be changed into or exchanged for
stock or other securities of any other Person (or the Company) or cash or any
other property, or (c) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or
more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one or more
transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50% or more of the assets or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any
other Person other than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries or Michael Dell, then, and in each such case, proper provision
shall be made so that (i) each holder of a Right (except as otherwise provided
herein) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof
at a price equal to the then current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of
one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable,
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares,
such number




                                     -35-
<PAGE>   39


of Common Shares of such other Person (including the Company as successor
thereto or as the surviving corporation) as shall equal the result obtained by
(A) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable and
dividing that product by (B) 50% of the then current per share market price of
the Common Shares of such other Person (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)
hereof) on the date of consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or
transfer; (ii) the issuer of such Common Shares shall thereafter be liable for,
and shall assume, by virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer,
all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii)
the term "Company" shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such issuer; and (iv)
such issuer shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the
reservation of a sufficient number of its Common Shares in accordance with
Section 9 hereof) in connection with such consummation as may be necessary to
assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
reasonably may be, in relation to the Common Shares thereafter deliverable upon
the exercise of the Rights.  The Company shall not consummate any such
consolidation, merger, sale or transfer unless prior thereto the Company and
such issuer shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a
supplemental agreement so providing.  The Company shall not enter into any
transaction of the kind




                                     -36-
<PAGE>   40


referred to in this Section 13 if at the time of such transaction there are any
rights, warrants, instruments or securities outstanding or any agreements or
arrangements which, as a result of the consummation of such transaction, would
eliminate or substantially diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the
Rights.  The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive
mergers or consolidations or sales or other transfers.

                 Section 14.  Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.  (a)
The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute
Right Certificates which evidence fractional Rights.  In lieu of such
fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right
Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be
issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market
value of a whole Right.  For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current
market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would
have been otherwise issuable.  The closing price for any day shall be the last
sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with
respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock




                                     -37-
<PAGE>   41


Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on the New
York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national
securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or,
if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by NASDAQ
or such other system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not
quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the
Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.  If on any such date
no such market maker is making a market in the Rights, the fair value of the
Rights on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Company shall be used.

                 (b)  The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Preferred Shares (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share) upon exercise of the Rights or to
distribute certificates which evidence fractional Preferred Shares (other than
fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred
Share).  Fractions of Preferred




                                     -38-
<PAGE>   42


Shares in integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share may, at
the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts, pursuant to
an appropriate agreement between the Company and a depositary selected by it;
provided, that such agreement shall provide that the holders of such depositary
receipts shall have all the rights, privileges and preferences to which they
are entitled as beneficial owners of the Preferred Shares represented by such
depositary receipts.  In lieu of fractional Preferred Shares that are not
integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, the Company
shall pay to the registered holders of Right Certificates at the time such
Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same
fraction of the current market value of one Preferred Share.  For the purposes
of this Section 14(b), the current market value of a Preferred Share shall be
the closing price of a Preferred Share (as determined pursuant to the second
sentence of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to
the date of such exercise.

                 (c)  The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Right
expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).

                 Section 15.  Rights of Action.  All rights of action in
respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of




                                     -39-
<PAGE>   43


action given to the Rights Agent under Section 18 hereof, are vested in the
respective registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, the registered holders of the Common Shares); and any
registered holder of any Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date,
of the Common Shares), without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder
of any other Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the
Common Shares), may, in his own behalf and for his own benefit, enforce, and
may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company
to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his right to exercise the Rights
evidenced by such Right Certificate in the manner provided in such Right
Certificate and in this Agreement.  Without limiting the foregoing or any
remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged
that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any
breach of this Agreement and will be entitled to specific performance of the
obligations under, and injunctive relief against actual or threatened
violations of the obligations of any Person subject to, this Agreement.

                 Section 16.  Agreement of Right Holders.  Every holder of a
Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the
Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:




                                     -40-
<PAGE>   44


                 (a)  prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Shares;

                 (b)  after the Distribution Date, the Right Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at
the principal office of the Rights Agent, duly endorsed or accompanied by a
proper instrument of transfer; and

                 (c)  the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the
Person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date,
the associated Common Shares certificate) is registered as the absolute owner
thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of
ownership or writing on the Right Certificates or the associated Common Shares
certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all
purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

                 Section 17.  Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Stockholder.  No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall be entitled to
vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the
Preferred Shares or any other securities of the Company which may at any time
be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall




                                     -41-
<PAGE>   45


anything contained herein or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer
upon the holder of any Right Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a
stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors
or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give
or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings
or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in Section 25
hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until
the Right or Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate shall have been
exercised in accordance with the provisions hereof.

                 Section 18.  Concerning the Rights Agent.  The Company agrees
to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by
it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its
reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements incurred in the
administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance
of its duties hereunder.  The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent
for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense, incurred
without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights
Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the
acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and
expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises.




                                     -42-
<PAGE>   46


                 The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no
liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in
connection with, its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any
Right Certificate or certificate for the Preferred Shares or Common Shares or
for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer,
power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent,
certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine
and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by
the proper Person or Persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set
forth in Section 20 hereof.

                 Section 19.  Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of
Rights Agent.  Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights
Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to the stock transfer or corporate trust powers of the Rights Agent
or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under
this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act
on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, that such corporation would
be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of
Section 21




                                     -43-
<PAGE>   47


hereof.  In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the
agency created by this Agreement, any of the Right Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Right
Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right
Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may
countersign such Right Certificates either in the name of the predecessor
Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such
cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right
Certificates and in this Agreement.

                 In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be
changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature under its prior name and deliver Right Certificates so
countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not
have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Right
Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such
cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right
Certificates and in this Agreement.



                                     -44-
<PAGE>   48


                 Section 20.  Duties of Rights Agent.  The Rights Agent
undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the
following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of
Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

                 (a)  The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may
be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be
full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any
action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such
opinion.

                 (b)  Whenever in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering
any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect
thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively
proved and established by a certificate signed by any one of the Chairman of
the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the
Treasurer or the Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent;
and such certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any
action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this
Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.




                                     -45-
<PAGE>   49


                 (c)  The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder to the Company
and any other Person only for its own negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct.

                 (d)  The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of
any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Right Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to
verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed
to have been made by the Company only.

                 (e)  The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in
respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof
(except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the
validity or execution of any Right Certificate (except its countersignature
thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right Certificate;
nor shall it be responsible for any change in the exercisability of the Rights
(including the Rights becoming void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or
any adjustment in the terms of the Rights (including the manner, method or
amount thereof) provided for in Section 3, 11, 13, 23 or 24, or the
ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such change or
adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Right
Certificates after actual notice that such




                                     -46-
<PAGE>   50


change or adjustment is required); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed
to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation
of any Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right
Certificate or as to whether any Preferred Shares will, when issued, be validly
authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

                 (f)  The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,
acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

                 (g)  The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder
from any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of the Company,
and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its
duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered by it in
good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer or for any delay
in acting while waiting for those instructions.

                 (h)  The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer
or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or




                                     -47-
<PAGE>   51


deal in any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become
pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be
interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as
fully and freely as though it were not Rights Agent under this Agreement.
Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in any other
capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

                 (i)  The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the
rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not
be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any
such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such
act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided reasonable care was exercised in
the selection and continued employment thereof.

                 Section 21.  Change of Rights Agent.  The Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this
Agreement upon 30 days' notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each
transfer agent of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares by registered or
certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class
mail.  The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent
upon 30 days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights




                                     -48-
<PAGE>   52


Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Shares or
Preferred Shares by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the
Right Certificates by first-class mail.  If the Rights Agent shall resign or be
removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall
appoint a successor to the Rights Agent.  If the Company shall fail to make
such appointment within a period of 30 days after giving notice of such removal
or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by
the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right
Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his Right Certificate for
inspection by the Company), then the registered holder of any Right Certificate
may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new
Rights Agent.  Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or
by such a court, shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the
laws of the United States or of the State of New York (or of any other state of
the United States so long as such corporation is authorized to do business as a
banking institution in the State of New York), in good standing, having an
office in the State of New York, which is authorized under such laws to
exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers and is subject to supervision
or examination by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its
appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50
million.




                                     -49-
<PAGE>   53


After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same
powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named
as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent
shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the
time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,
conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose.  Not later than the
effective date of any such appointment the Company shall file notice thereof in
writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common
Shares or Preferred Shares, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the
registered holders of the Right Certificates.  Failure to give any notice
provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not
affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights
Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

                 Section 22.  Issuance of New Right Certificates.
Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the
contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates
evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors of
the Company to reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the
number or kind or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable
under the Right Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.




                                     -50-
<PAGE>   54


                 Section 23.  Redemption.  (a)  The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time prior to such time as any Person
becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem all but not less than all the then
outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.001 per Right, appropriately
adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter
referred to as the "Redemption Price").  The redemption of the Rights by the
Board of Directors of the Company may be made effective at such time, on such
basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company in its
sole discretion may establish.

                 (b)  Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this Section 23, and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of
the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price.  The Company
shall promptly give public notice of any such redemption; provided, however,
that the failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect
the validity of such redemption.  Within 10 days after such action of the Board
of Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company
shall mail a notice of redemption to all the holders of the then outstanding




                                     -51-
<PAGE>   55


Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the
Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the
transfer agent for the Common Shares.  Any notice which is mailed in the manner
herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the
notice.  Each such notice of redemption will state the method by which the
payment of the Redemption Price will be made.  Neither the Company nor any of
its Affiliates or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any
Rights at any time in any manner other than that specifically set forth in this
Section 23 or in Section 24 hereof, and other than in connection with the
purchase of Common Shares prior to the Distribution Date.

                 Section 24.  Exchange.  (a)  The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights
(which shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the
provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for Common Shares at an exchange ratio
of one Common Share per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock
split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof
(such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not
be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than
an Excluded Person),



                                     -52-
<PAGE>   56


together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the
Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding.

                 (b)  Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of
a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares equal
to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange
Ratio.  The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange;
provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice
shall not affect the validity of such exchange.  The Company promptly shall
mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at
their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights
Agent.  Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice.  Each such notice
of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the Common Shares
for Rights will be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the
number of Rights which will be exchanged.  Any partial exchange shall be
effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have
become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) held by
each holder of Rights.




                                     -53-
<PAGE>   57


                 (c)  In the event that there shall not be sufficient Common
Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit any
exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the
Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional
Common Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights.  In the event the
Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all such action as
may be necessary to authorize such additional Common Shares, the Company shall
substitute, for each Common Share that would otherwise be issuable upon
exchange of a Right, a number of Preferred Shares or fraction thereof such that
the current per share market price of one Preferred Share multiplied by such
number or fraction is equal to the current per share market price of one Common
Share as of the date of issuance of such Preferred Shares or fraction thereof.

                 (d)  The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Common Shares or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Common
Shares.  In lieu of such fractional Common Shares, the Company shall pay to the
registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such
fractional Common Shares would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Common Share.  For the
purposes of this paragraph (d), the current market value of a whole Common




                                     -54-
<PAGE>   58


Share shall be the closing price of a Common Share (as determined pursuant to
the second sentence of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately
prior to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

                 Section 25.  Notice of Certain Events.  (a) In case the
Company shall propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to
the holders of its Preferred Shares or to make any other distribution to the
holders of its Preferred Shares (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend),
(ii) to offer to the holders of its Preferred Shares rights or warrants to
subscribe for or to purchase any additional Preferred Shares or shares of stock
of any class or any other securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any
reclassification of its Preferred Shares (other than a reclassification
involving only the subdivision of outstanding Preferred Shares), (iv) to effect
any consolidation or merger into or with, or to effect any sale or other
transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or
other transfer), in one or more transactions, of 50% or more of the assets or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to, any
other Person, (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, or (vi) to declare or pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in
Common Shares or to effect a subdivision,




                                     -55-
<PAGE>   59


combination or consolidation of the Common Shares (by reclassification or
otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Shares), then, in each such
case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Right Certificate, in
accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such proposed action, which
shall specify the record date for the purposes of such stock dividend, or
distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation, dissolution or winding up
is to take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of the
Common Shares and/or Preferred Shares, if any such date is to be fixed, and
such notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i)
or (ii) above at least 10 days prior to the record date for determining holders
of the Preferred Shares for purposes of such action, and in the case of any
such other action, at least 10 days prior to the date of the taking of such
proposed action or the date of participation therein by the holders of the
Common Shares and/or Preferred Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

                 (b)  In case the event set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof
shall occur, then the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to
each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a
notice of the occurrence of such event, which notice shall describe such event
and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof.




                                     -56-
<PAGE>   60


                 Section 26.  Notices.  Notices or demands authorized by this
Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right
Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

                          Dell Computer Corporation
                          2214 W. Braker Lane, Suite D
                          Austin, Texas  78758-4053
                          Attention:  Secretary


Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any
Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made
if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

                          Chemical Bank
                          c/o Chemical Mellon Shareholder Services
                          2323 Bryan Street, Suite 2300
                          Dallas, Texas  75201
                          Attention:  Relationship Manager


Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Right Certificate shall be
sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
addressed to such




                                     -57-
<PAGE>   61


holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the
Company.

               Section 27.  Supplements and Amendments.  The Company may from
time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any
holders of Right Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or
supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions
with respect to the Rights which the Company may deem necessary or desirable,
any such supplement or amendment to be evidenced by a writing signed by the
Company and the Rights Agent; provided, however, that from and after such time
as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, this Agreement shall not be amended
in any manner which would adversely affect the interests of the holders of
Rights.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Company may at any time prior to
such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person amend this Agreement to
lower the thresholds set forth in Sections 1(a) and 3(a) to not less than the
greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the outstanding
Common Shares then known by the Company to be beneficially owned by any Person
(other than an Excluded Person) and (ii) 10%.




                                     -58-
<PAGE>   62


               Section 28.  Successors.  All the covenants and provisions of
this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns
hereunder.

                 Section 29.  Benefits of this Agreement.  Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the
Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior
to the Distribution Date, the Common Shares) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole
and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered
holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the
Common Shares).

                 Section 30.  Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant
or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

                 Section 31.  Governing Law.  This Agreement and each Right
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of Delaware and




                                     -59-
<PAGE>   63


for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within
such State.

                 Section 32.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

                 Section 33.  Descriptive Headings.  Descriptive headings of
the several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the
provisions hereof.




                                     -60-
<PAGE>   64


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and attested, all as of the day and year first
above written.

                                        DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION

Attest:


By: /s/ THOMAS H. WELCH, JR.            By: /s/ MICHAEL S. DELL
    ---------------------------             ---------------------------
    Name:  Thomas H. Welch, Jr.             Name:  Michael S. Dell
    Title:  Assistant Secretary             Title:  Chairman and Chief
                                                    Executive Officer



                                        CHEMICAL BANK

Attest:


By: /s/ VILMA I. LANCASTER              By: /s/ ERIC LEASON
    ---------------------------             ---------------------------
    Name: Vilma I. Lancaster                Name: Eric Leason
    Title: Assistant Vice President         Title: Vice President




                                     -61-
<PAGE>   65


                                                                       Exhibit A


                                      FORM

                                       of

                          CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

                                       of

                 SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

                                       of

                           DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION

                        (Pursuant to Section 151 of the
                       Delaware General Corporation Law)

                         ______________________________


                 Dell Computer Corporation, a corporation organized and
existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(hereinafter called the "Corporation"), hereby certifies that the following
resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation as required
by Section 151 of the General Corporation Law at a meeting duly called and held
on November 29, 1995:

                 RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested
in the Board of Directors of this Corporation (hereinafter called the "Board of
Directors" or the "Board") in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, the Board of Directors hereby creates a series of Preferred
Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of the Corporation and
hereby states the designation and number of shares, and fixes the relative
rights, preferences, and limitations thereof as follows:

                 Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

                 Section 1.  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" (the
"Series A Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be 200,000.  Such number of shares may be increased or
decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, that no decrease
shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a number less
than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved





                                      A-1
<PAGE>   66


for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or
upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation
convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.

                 Section 2.  Dividends and Distributions.

                 (A)      Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of
         any series of Preferred Stock (or any similar stock) ranking prior and
         superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends,
         the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in preference to
         the holders of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Common
         Stock"), of the Corporation, and of any other junior stock, shall be
         entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
         Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly
         dividends payable in cash on the first day of March, June, September
         and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as
         a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first
         Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or
         fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount per
         share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1 or
         (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
         1000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and
         1000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all
         non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend
         payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding
         shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on
         the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend
         Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment
         Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of
         Series A Preferred Stock.  In the event the Corporation shall at any
         time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares
         of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or
         consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
         reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares
         of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common
         Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event
         under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by
         multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
         number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
         event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common
         Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.





                                      A-2
<PAGE>   67


                 (B)      The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
         distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph
         (A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or
         distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in
         shares of Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or
         distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock during the
         period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next
         subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1 per share
         on the Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such
         subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                 (C)      Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
         outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly
         Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares,
         unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date
         for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends
         on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such
         shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment
         Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a
         quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
         either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be
         cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  Accrued but
         unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.  Dividends paid on the
         shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total
         amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such
         shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all
         such shares at the time outstanding.  The Board of Directors may fix a
         record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or
         distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more
         than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

                 Section 3.  Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

                 (A)      Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter
         set forth, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the
         holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the
         stockholders of the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall
         at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in
         shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or
         consolidation of the outstanding





                                      A-3
<PAGE>   68


         shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
         payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or
         lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the
         number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be
         adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction, the numerator of
         which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
         after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares
         of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                 (B)      Except as otherwise provided herein, in any other
         Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or
         any similar stock, or by law, the holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any
         other capital stock of the Corporation having general voting rights
         shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of
         stockholders of the Corporation.

                 (C)      Except as set forth herein, or as otherwise provided
         by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special
         voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the
         extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set
         forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

                 Section 4.  Certain Restrictions.

                 (A)      Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
         distributions payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in
         Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid
         dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the
         Corporation shall not:

                          (i)     declare or pay dividends, or make any other 
                 distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as
                 to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to
                 the Series A Preferred Stock;
        
                          (ii)    declare or pay dividends, or make any other 
                 distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity
                 (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
                 winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, except dividends
                 paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such
                 parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in
        




                                      A-4
<PAGE>   69


                 proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all
                 such shares are then entitled;

                          (iii)   redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for 
                 consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to
                 dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to
                 the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may
                 at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any
                 such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the
                 Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon
                 dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A
                 Preferred Stock; or
        
                        (iv)    redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
                 consideration any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or any
                 shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred
                 Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in
                 writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of
                 Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the
                 Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective
                 annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences
                 of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good
                 faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the
                 respective series or classes.

                 (B)      The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of
         the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
         shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under
         paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such
         shares at such time and in such manner.

                 Section 5.  Reacquired Shares.  Any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any
manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition
thereof.  All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set
forth herein, in the Certificate of Incorporation, or in any other Certificate
of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as
otherwise required by law.

                 Section 6.  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.  Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution
shall be made (1) to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as
to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A





                                      A-5
<PAGE>   70


Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have received $1000 per share, plus an amount equal to
accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not
declared, to the date of such payment, provided that the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount per
share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to
1000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of
shares of Common Stock, or (2) to the holders of shares of stock ranking on a
parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up)
with the Series A Preferred Stock, except distributions made ratably on the
Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total
amounts to which the holders of all such shares are entitled upon such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up.  In the event the Corporation shall at
any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount
to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled
immediately prior to such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the
preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction
the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                 Section 7.  Consolidation, Merger, etc.  In case the
Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other
transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed
into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any
such case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1000 times the
aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable
in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common
Stock is changed or exchanged.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time
declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common
Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth
in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of





                                      A-6
<PAGE>   71


shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

                 Section 8.  No Redemption.  The shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be redeemable.

                 Section 9.  Rank.  The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank,
with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, junior
to all series of any other class of the Corporation's Preferred Stock.

                 Section 10.  Amendment.  The Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation shall not be amended in any manner which would materially alter
or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred
Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class.

                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Designations is
executed on behalf of the Corporation by its Chairman of the Board and attested
by its Secretary this 29th day of November, 1995.




                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                 Chairman of the Board


Attest:


                      
- ----------------------
Secretary





                                      A-7
<PAGE>   72


                                                                       Exhibit B


                           Form of Right Certificate


Certificate No. R-                                                        Rights
                                                                    -----



               NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER NOVEMBER 29, 2005 OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION
               OR EXCHANGE OCCURS.  THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT
               $.001 PER RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE
               RIGHTS AGREEMENT.


                               Right Certificate

                           DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION


               This certifies that ____________________, or registered assigns,
is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of
the Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1995 (the "Rights Agreement"),
between Dell Computer Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
Chemical Bank (the "Rights Agent"), to purchase from the Company at any time
after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement)
and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on November 29, 2005 at the
principal office of the Rights Agent, or at the office of its successor as
Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share (the
"Preferred Shares"), of the Company, at a purchase price of $225 per one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), upon presentation
and surrender of this Right Certificate with the Form of Election to Purchase
duly executed.  The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and
the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share which may be purchased
upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above,
are the number and Purchase Price as of November 29, 1995, based on the
Preferred Shares as constituted at such date.  As provided in the Rights
Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment
upon the happening of certain events.





                                      B-1
<PAGE>   73
               This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and
conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof
and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description
of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities
hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Right
Certificates.  Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal
executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned offices of the Rights
Agent.

               This Right Certificate, with or without other Right
Certificates, upon surrender at the principal office of the Rights Agent, may
be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor
and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate
number of Preferred Shares as the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate or
Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase.  If
this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled
to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

               Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights
evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a
redemption price of $.001 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in
part for Preferred Shares or shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value
$.01 per share.

               No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued upon the exercise
of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are
integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, which may, at
the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), but in lieu
thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

               No holder of this Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote or
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred
Shares or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be
issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights
Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any
of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the
election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to
receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as
provided in the





                                      B-2
<PAGE>   74


Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or
otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate shall
have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

               This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

               WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal.  Dated as of __________, 19__.


ATTEST:                                 DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION

                                        
                                        By                             
- ---------------------------                ------------------------------------


Countersigned:


CHEMICAL BANK


By                                
  --------------------------------
         Authorized Signature





                                      B-3
<PAGE>   75
                   Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


                (To be executed by the registered holder if such
               holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate.)


                 FOR VALUE RECEIVED ________________________________ hereby
sells, assigns and transfers unto ____________________

________________________________________________________________________________
                (Please print name and address of transferee)

________________________________________________________________________________

this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________________
Attorney, to transfer the within Right Certificate on the books of the
within-named Company, with full power of substitution.


Dated:  ______________________, 19__



                                        ________________________________________
                                        Signature



Signature Guaranteed:

                 Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an
office or correspondent in the United States.

________________________________________________________________________________

                 The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by
this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).


                                        ________________________________________
                                        Signature


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------





                                      B-4
<PAGE>   76


             Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued


                          FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                 (To be executed if holder desires to exercise
                 Rights represented by the Right Certificate.)


To:  DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION

               The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
___________________________ Rights represented by this Right Certificate to
purchase the Preferred Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and
requests that certificates for such Preferred Shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

________________________________________________________________________________
                (Please print name and address of transferee)

________________________________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights
shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number


________________________________________________________________________________
                (Please print name and address of transferee)

________________________________________________________________________________


Dated:  __________________, 19__


                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Signature



Signature Guaranteed:

               Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an
office or correspondent in the United States.





                                      B-5
<PAGE>   77
             Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by
this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).





                                        ________________________________________
                                        Signature

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                     NOTICE

               The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to
Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the face
of this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

               In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of
Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not
completed, the Company and the Rights Agent will deem the beneficial owner of
the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and such
Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.





                                      B-6
<PAGE>   78


                                                                       Exhibit C



                         SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
                                PREFERRED SHARES


                 On November 29, 1995, the Board of Directors of Dell Computer
Corporation (the "Company") declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase
right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $.01
per share (the "Common Shares"), of the Company.  The dividend is payable on
December 13, 1995 (the "Record Date") to the stockholders of record on that
date.  Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company
one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company at a price of
$225 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"),
subject to adjustment.  The description and terms of the Rights are set forth
in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and Chemical
Bank, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

                 Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (other
than (A) the Company, (B) a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, (C) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any majority-owned subsidiary of the
Company, (D) any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of
any such plan or (E) Mr. Michael S. Dell, his affiliates and associates, his
heirs, and any trust or foundation to which he has transferred or may transfer
Common Shares of the Company ("Michael Dell", and each of the persons listed in
(A) through (E) above, an "excepted person")) (an "Acquiring Person") have
acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares
or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may be determined by action of
the Board of Directors prior to such time as any person or group of affiliated
persons becomes an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or
announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or
group of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares (the earlier of such
dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights will be evidenced, with
respect to any of the Common Share certificates outstanding as of the Record
Date, by such Common Share certificate with a copy of this Summary of Rights
attached thereto.

                 The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution
Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the Rights will be
transferred with and only with





                                      C-1
<PAGE>   79
the Common Shares.  Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or
expiration of the Rights), new Common Share certificates issued after the
Record Date upon transfer or new issuance of Common Shares will contain a
notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference.  Until the
Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the
surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Shares outstanding as of
the Record Date, even without such notation or a copy of this Summary of Rights
being attached thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificate.  As soon as
practicable following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing
the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the
Common Shares as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such
separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

                 The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date.
The Rights will expire on November 29, 2005 (the "Final Expiration Date"),
unless the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier
redeemed or exchanged by the Company, in each case, as described below.

                 The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Shares of
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares at a
price, or securities convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then-current market price of the Preferred Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of
earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Preferred Shares) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

                 The number of outstanding Rights and the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares
or a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or
subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in
any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.

                 Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will
not be redeemable.  Each Preferred Share will be entitled to a minimum
preferential quarterly dividend payment of $1 per share but will be entitled to
an aggregate dividend of 1000 times the dividend declared per Common Share.  In
the





                                      C-2
<PAGE>   80


event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to a
minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1000 per share but will be
entitled to an aggregate payment of 1000 times the payment made per Common
Share.  Each Preferred Share will have 1000 votes, voting together with the
Common Shares.  Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other
transaction in which Common Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be
entitled to receive 1000 times the amount received per Common Share.  These
rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.

                 Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend,
liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in
a Preferred Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate
the value of one Common Share.

                 In the event that the Company is acquired by any person other
than Michael Dell in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50%
or more of its consolidated assets or earning power are sold to any person
other than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries or
Michael Dell after a person or group has become an Acquiring Person, proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter have the
right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then current exercise price
of the Right, that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company
which at the time of such transaction will have a market value of two times the
exercise price of the Right.  In the event that any person or group of
affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, proper provision
shall be made so that each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially
owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be void), will thereafter
have the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common Shares having a
market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.

                 At any time after any person or group becomes an Acquiring
Person and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company may
exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which will
have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common
Share, or one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (or of a share of a class or
series of the Company's preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences
and privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment).

                 With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price.  No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth





                                      C-3
<PAGE>   81
of a Preferred Share, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced
by depositary receipts) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made
based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior
to the date of exercise.

                 At any time prior to the acquisition by a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons (other than an excepted person) of beneficial
ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of
Directors of the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a
price of $.001 per Right (the "Redemption Price").  The redemption of the
Rights may be made effective at such time on such basis with such conditions as
the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish.  Immediately upon
any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate
and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption
Price.

                 The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights,
including an amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not less
than the greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the
outstanding Common Shares then known to the Company to be beneficially owned by
any person or group of affiliated or associated persons (other than an excepted
person) and (ii) 10%, except that from and after such time as any person or
group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person no such
amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights.

                 Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

                 A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on
Form 8-A dated November 30, 1995.  A copy of the Rights Agreement is available
free of charge from the Company.  This summary description of the Rights does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Rights Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.





                                      C-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
[DELL NEWS LOGO]                                        

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                                MEDIA CONTACT:
                                                Michele Moore
                                                Dell Computer Corporation
                                                (512) 728-4100

                                                INVESTOR CONTACTS:
                                                Don Collis, Ken Smith
                                                Dell Computer Corporation
                                                (512) 728-8671, (512) 728-4034

                 DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION DECLARES DIVIDEND
                DISTRIBUTION OF PREFERRED SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS



        AUSTIN, TEXAS, NOVEMBER 29, 1995 -- The Board of Directors of Dell
Computer Corporation (Nasdaq:DELL) today declared a dividend distribution of
one Preferred Share Purchase Right on each outstanding share of the company's
common stock.
        
        The Rights are designed to assure that all of the company's
stockholders receive fair and equal treatment in the event of any proposed
takeover of the company and to guard against partial tender offers,
squeeze-outs, open market accumulations and other abusive tactics to gain
control of the company without paying all stockholders a control premium.

        The Rights are intended to enable all of the company's stockholders to
realize the long-term value of their investment in the company.  They will not
prevent a takeover, but would encourage anyone seeking to acquire the company
to negotiate with the Board prior to attempting a takeover.

        The Rights will be exercisable only if a person or group acquires 15
percent or more of the company's common stock or announces a tender offer, the
consummation of which would result in ownership by a person or group of 15
percent or more of the common stock.  Each Right will entitle stockholders to
buy one one-thousandth of a share of a new series of junior participating
preferred stock at an exercise price of $225.

        If the company is acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction after a person has acquired 15 percent or more of the company's
outstanding common stock, each Right will entitle its holder to purchase, at
the Right's then-current exercise price, a number of the acquiring company's
common shares having a market value of twice such price.




                                   - more -



<PAGE>   2
DELL COMPUTER CORPORATION DECLARES DIVIDEND
2-2-2

        In addition, if a person or group acquires 15 percent or more of the
company's outstanding common stock, each Right will entitle its holder (other
than such person or members of such group) to purchase, at the Right's
then-current exercise price, a number of the company's common shares having a
market value of twice such price.

        Following the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership
of 15 percent or more of the company's common stock and prior to an acquisition
of 50 percent or more of the common stock, the Board of Directors may exchange
the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group), in whole or in
part, at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock (or one one-thousandth
of a share of the new series of junior participating preferred stock) per
Right.

        Prior to the acquisition by a person or group of beneficial ownership
of 15 percent or more of the company's common stock, the Rights are redeemable
for one-tenth of a cent per Right at the option of the Board of Directors.

        The Board of Directors is also authorized to reduce the 15 percent
thresholds referred to above to not less than 10 percent.

        The Board was unanimous in its business judgment that Michael S. Dell,
founder, chairman and chief executive officer of the company, would not engage
in any transactions that would be to the disadvantage of stockholders and that,
if any other third party were to seek to pursue such transactions, the best
interests of stockholders would be served if the Rights were not triggered by
Mr. Dell's ownership or acquisition of company stock.  Consequently, neither
Mr. Dell's ownership, nor his further acquisition of company securities, will
cause the Rights to become exercisable or non-redeemable or will trigger the
other features of the Rights.

        The dividend distribution will be made on December 13, 1995, payable to
stockholders of record on that date.  The Rights will expire on November 29,
2005.  The Rights distribution is not taxable to stockholders.

        A Fortune 500(R) company, Dell Computer Corporation is the world's
leading direct marketer of computer systems and one of the largest computer
manufacturers in the world, based on revenues of $4.8 billion for the past four
quarters.  Dell designs and customizes products and services to end-user
requirements, and offers and extensive selection of peripherals and software
through the DellWare (R) program.  Information on Dell and its products can be
obtained through its toll-free number, 1-800-BUY-DELL (1-800-289-3355) or by
accessing the Dell World Wide Web server at http://www.dell.com/.


                                    # # #



Dell and DellWare are registered trademarks of Dell Computer Corporation.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
