-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Inac9+WRpW5U2OLZAR34sHieZtWFOrQ0689Km7Yu3cfl5hwDURalUfrQzsQTTNNP
 iQhuSxJ+L0s7GOkA0P2JpA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001000180-00-000004.txt : 20000328
<SEC-HEADER>0001000180-00-000004.hdr.sgml : 20000328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000180-00-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
		FILM NUMBER:		579583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1999 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

     X     Annual  report  pursuant  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
 --------- Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 or

 --------- Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
           Act of 1934

Commission File No. 0-26734

                               SANDISK CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                            77-0191793
 (State or other jurisdiction of                              (IRS Employer
 incorporation or organization)                             Identification No.)

 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California                          94089
  (Address of principal executive office)                       (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 542-0500

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                Name of each exchange
             Title of each class                 on which registered
                    None                                 None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                         Common Stock, $0.001 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                                Yes X  No
                                   ---   ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [ X ].

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant,  based upon the closing  sale price of the Common Stock on March 15,
2000 as  reported  on the  NASDAQ  National  Market  System,  was  approximately
$5,399,058,000.  Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by
each  person  who owns 5% or more of the  outstanding  Common  Stock  have  been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate  status is not  necessarily  a conclusive  determination  for other
purposes.

As of  March  15,  2000,  Registrant  had  66,531,812  shares  of  Common  Stock
outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions  of the Proxy  Statement  for the Annual  Meeting to be held on May 11,
2000 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



<PAGE>



                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                          1999 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                Table of Contents

                                     PART I
                                                                   Page No.

Item 1.   Business                                                    1

Item 2.   Properties                                                 12

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                                          13

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders        13

          Executive Officers of the Registrant                       14

                             PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters                                        16

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                                    17

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
          Condition and Results of Operations                        19

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                38

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure                        58

                            PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant         59

Item 11.  Executive Compensation                                     59

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management                                                 59

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions             59

                             PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules, and Reports
          on Form 8-K                                                60

          Signatures                                                 63


<PAGE>


                                     PART I


ITEM 1.    BUSINESS


BUSINESS

    We design,  manufacture  and market flash memory  storage  products that are
used in a wide variety of electronic  systems. We have designed our flash memory
storage solutions to address the storage  requirements of emerging  applications
in the consumer electronics and industrial/communications  markets. Our products
are used in a number of rapidly growing consumer electronics applications,  such
as digital cameras, personal digital assistants, portable digital music players,
digital  video  recorders  and  smart  phones,  as  well  as in  industrial  and
communications  applications,  such as  communications  routers and switches and
wireless  communications  base  stations.  In fiscal  1999,  we shipped over 4.8
million flash memory cards and flash chip sets. Our products  include  removable
CompactFlash  cards,  FlashDisk cards and  MultiMediaCard  products and embedded
FlashDrives and Flash ChipSet  products with storage  capacities  ranging from 4
megabytes to 1.2 gigabytes. Our customers include Arrow Electronics, Inc., Avnet
Electronics,  Bell  Microproducts,  Inc., Best Buy Company,  Inc., Canon,  Inc.,
Cisco Systems, Inc., Eastman Kodak Company, Ericsson Utveckling, Hewlett-Packard
Company,  Lucent  Technologies Inc.,  Matsushita  Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.,
Mitsubishi Plastic Co. Ltd., NEC USA Inc., Newbridge Networks Corporation, Nikon
Corporation, Nokia Corporation, Tech Data Corporation,  Thomson Audio Hong Kong,
Ltd., and Wynit,  Inc. In addition,  we currently  license our  technologies  to
several companies including Hitachi Ltd., Intel Corporation, Samsung Electronics
Company Ltd., Sharp Electronics Corporation and Toshiba Corporation.  As part of
our  continuing  strategy to expand our  product  line,  in 1999 we  announced a
collaboration  under which we,  Matsushita and Toshiba will jointly  develop and
promote a  next-generation  flash memory card called the Secure  Digital  Memory
Card.  We entered  into a nonbinding  memorandum  of  understanding  for another
collaboration  with Toshiba for the  development  and manufacture of 512 megabit
and 1 gigabit flash memory chips and Secure Digital Memory Card controllers.

Industry Background

    In recent years,  digital  computing and processing have expanded beyond the
boundaries  of desktop  computer  systems to include a broader array of consumer
electronics,  industrial and communications  products. These new devices include
digital  cameras,   personal  digital  assistants,   or  PDAs,  highly  portable
computers,  portable  music  players,  digital  video  recorders,  wireless base
stations,  network  computers,  communication  routers  and  switches,  cellular
telephones,  mobile communication  systems,  handheld data collection terminals,
medical monitors and other electronic systems.  These emerging applications have
storage  requirements  that  are  not  well  addressed  by  traditional  storage
solutions.  These requirements include small form factor size, high reliability,
low power  consumption  and the capability to withstand high levels of shock and
vibration and extreme temperature  fluctuations.  Because storage products based
on flash semiconductor technology can meet these requirements, these devices and
systems represent new market opportunities for flash storage systems.


    Customers in the consumer electronics and industrial/communications  markets
are seeking data storage solutions that satisfy requirements such as small size,
high  reliability,  low power  consumption  and the capability to withstand high
levels of shock and vibration and extreme  temperature  fluctuations,  which are
not well addressed by traditional storage solutions such as hard disk drives and
DRAM, or by linear flash cards based on socket flash memory chips.

The SanDisk Solution

    We have optimized our flash memory storage  solution,  known as system flash
or data storage flash, to address the needs of many emerging applications in the
consumer electronics and industrial/communications markets. Since our inception,
we  have  been  actively  involved  in  all  aspects  of  flash  memory  process
development, chip design, controller development and system-level integration to
ensure the creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable

                                        1


<PAGE>


products that are  compatible  with both existing and new system  platforms.  We
believe our core technical competencies are in high-density flash memory process
and design, controller design,  system-level integration,  compact packaging and
low-cost  system  testing.  To achieve  compatibility  among various  electronic
platforms  regardless  of the host  processor or operating  system used, we have
developed  new  capabilities  in flash  memory  chip  design  and  created a new
intelligent  controller.  We also  developed an  architecture  that can leverage
advances  in  flash   memory   process   technology   to  ensure  a   scaleable,
high-yielding,   cost-effective  and  highly  reliable   manufacturing  process.
CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and  FlashDisks  are  portable,  have an on-board
controller and use file formats that are forward and backward compatible. All of
our flash  data  products  can store  almost  any type of  digital  information,
including voice mail, e-mail, music, video clips and digital images.

    SanDisk's products offer the following features:

    SMALL FORM FACTOR. Our CompactFlash  products weigh about one-half ounce and
are  approximately  the size of a matchbook.  Our FlashDisk  cards are small and
lightweight  with a length of 85.6 mm, width of 54.0 mm,  thickness of 5.0 mm or
10.5 mm and weight of less than 2.0  ounces.  Our  MultiMediaCard  products  are
approximately the size of a quarter coin and weigh less than two grams.

    NON-VOLATILITY.  Our products store information in non-volatile memory cells
that do not require power to retain information.

    HIGH DEGREE OF  RUGGEDNESS.  Our devices have an  operating  shock rating of
2,000 Gs for  CompactFlash  and 1,000 Gs for all other  products  (equivalent to
being  able  to  withstand  ten  foot  and  eight  foot  drops  onto   concrete,
respectively). Our products are also designed to tolerate extensive fluctuations
in temperatures and humidity.

    LOW POWER  CONSUMPTION.  During read and write operations,  our products use
less power than the rotating  disk drives found in many portable  computers.  At
all other times  during  system  operation,  our products  require  virtually no
power. Depending upon the end product making use of our flash data storage, this
translates into longer battery life.

    HIGH  RELIABILITY.  Our products utilize  sophisticated  error detection and
correction  algorithms and dynamic defect management  techniques to provide high
data reliability and endurance.

    HIGH  PERFORMANCE.  We  believe  that the read and write  data  rates of our
products  meet or exceed  the read and write data  rates  required  today by the
majority of consumer and industrial/communications applications.

    The  flash  process  and  flash  memory  chip  designs  developed  by  us in
cooperation  with  our  partners  make  our  products   scaleable  over  several
generations of semiconductor  fabrication processes. This feature has allowed us
to  significantly  reduce  our cost  per  megabyte  of  capacity  with  each new
generation of our products.  By  maintaining  the same basic design  parameters,
each  generation  of  our  products  maintains  full  compatibility  with  prior
generations.  This chip architecture has allowed us to significantly reduce cell
size and thereby chip size. This has allowed us to increase storage capacity and
lower cost in our PC Card, CompactFlash and MultiMediaCard products.

    We have developed core competencies in low-cost micropackaging technology as
well as low-cost batch testing, both of which are important elements in building
high capacity,  high  reliability  flash cards at a competitive cost and in high
volumes.

Applications and Markets for Flash Data Storage

    We are targeting the consumer electronics and the  industrial/communications
markets for our flash data storage products.

    Our products are used in a number of rapidly  growing  consumer  electronics
applications,  such as digital cameras,  personal digital  assistants,  portable
music  players,  digital  video  recorders  and  smart  phones,  as  well  as in
industrial and communications  applications,  such as communications routers and
switches and wireless communications base stations.

                                        2


<PAGE>



    Consumer  Electronics.  The  increasing  trend  towards  the use of  digital
technology in consumer electronics devices has created requirements for new data
storage  products.  For example,  a number of major camera and imaging companies
have introduced  digital cameras that we believe will enable  professionals  and
consumers to eliminate the need for standard 35mm photographic film by replacing
it with re-usable  compact digital data storage devices.  Removable and embedded
flash data storage products such as our CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and Flash
ChipSet  products,  are used in personal  digital  assistants,  highly  portable
computers,  digital audio recorders,  network  computers,  cellular  telephones,
next-generation smart telephones and other devices.

    Industrial/Communications Market. The communications market has applications
that  are  beginning  to  require  new  types  of  data  storage.  For  example,
communications  switches  and  cellular  base  stations  require data storage in
environments  that  are  subject  to shock  and  vibration  and a wide  range of
temperature and humidity  conditions.  As the storage  capacity of our cards has
risen, we are increasingly  able to displace disk drives in routers and switches
manufactured by telecommunications companies such as Cisco, Nortel and Lucent.

    In the fiscal years ended December 31, 1999,  1998, and 1997,  product sales
to  our  top 10  customers  accounted  for  approximately  57%,  59%,  and  67%,
respectively,  of our  product  revenues.  In 1999 and 1998,  revenues  from one
customer exceeded 10% of total revenues.  In 1997, no single customer  accounted
for greater than 10% of our total revenues. We expect that sales of our products
to a limited  number of  customers  will  continue to account for a  substantial
portion of our revenues for the  foreseeable  future.  We have also  experienced
significant  changes in the  composition of our major customer base from year to
year and expect  this  pattern to  continue  as certain  customers  increase  or
decrease their  purchases of our products as a result of  fluctuations in market
demand for such customers'  products.  Sales to our customers are generally made
pursuant to standard purchase orders rather than long-term  contracts.  The loss
of, or significant reduction in purchases by our major customers, could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

SanDisk's Products

    Our storage  products are high  capacity,  solid-state,  non-volatile  flash
memory devices which comply with PC Card ATA and/or IDE industry  standards.  We
offer a broad line of flash data storage system products in terms of capacities,
form factors,  operating  voltage and  temperature  ranges.  Our current product
families include removable CompactFlash,  FlashDisk and MultiMediaCard products,
embedded  FlashDrive  products and Flash  ChipSets.  Our products are compatible
with the majority of today's computing and communications systems that are based
on industry standards.  Our products, as of December 31, 1999, are listed in the
following table:

<TABLE>
<S>                         <C>                                                <C>
- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------
                                                                                       Uncompressed
                                                                                         Capacity
Product Family              Form Factor
CompactFlash (Removable)    Type I (36.4 mm x 42.8 mm x 3.3 mm)                     8 to 192 megabytes
                            Type II (36.4 mm x 42.8 mm x 5.3 mm)                   256 and 300 megabytes
FlashDisk (Removable)       PC Card Type II (54.0 mm x 85.6 mm x 5.0 mm)       8 megabytes to 1.2 gigabytes
Flash ChipSet (Embedded)    2 chips                                                  8 to 64 megabytes
FlashDrive (Embedded)       2.5 & 3.5 inches                                   32 megabytes to 1.2 gigabytes
MultiMediaCard (Removable)  32 mm x 24 mm x 1.4 mm                             8 to 64 megabytes
- --------------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------
</TABLE>

    COMPACTFLASH.   Our   CompactFlash   products   provide  full  PC  Card  ATA
functionality  but  are  only  one-fourth  the  size  of  a  standard  PC  Card.
CompactFlash's compact size, ruggedness,  low-power requirements and its ability
to operate at either 3.3V or 5V make it  well-suited  for a range of current and
next-generation,  small  form  factor  consumer  applications  such  as  digital
cameras, PDAs, personal communicators and audio recorders. CompactFlash products
provide  interoperability  with  systems  based upon the PC Card ATA standard by
using a low-cost  passive Type II adapter.  CompactFlash  cards are available in
capacities  ranging from 8 megabytes to 192  megabytes in Type I form factor and
in capacities of 256 and 300 megabytes in Type II form factor.

                                        3


<PAGE>


    FLASHDISK.  Our FlashDisk products are used in storage, data backup and data
transport applications. Our FlashDisk products are available in the PC Card Type
II form factor with capacities ranging from 8 megabytes to 1.2 gigabytes.

    FLASH CHIPSET.  Our Flash ChipSet  products  provide a very small footprint,
solid-state ATA mass storage  system.  Our Flash ChipSet  products  consist of a
single  chip ATA  controller  and a flash  memory  chip,  and are  available  in
capacities of 8, 16, 32 and 64 megabytes.  We provide full PC Card,  ATA and IDE
disk drive compatibility in a chip set format.

    FLASHDRIVE.  Our  FlashDrives  come in 2.5 and 3.5 inch form factors and are
targeted at applications that require embedded data storage devices. FlashDrives
offer  rugged,   portable,   low-power  data  storage  and  are  plug  and  play
replacements  for  rotating IDE drives  making them ideal for mobile  computers,
communication   devices  and  other  systems  that  require  embedded   storage.
Capacities  of our  FlashDrive  products  range  between  32  megabytes  and 1.2
gigabytes.

    MULTIMEDIACARD.  Our  MultiMediaCard  measures 32.0 mm by 24.0 mm by 1.4 mm,
about the size of a quarter coin, and weighs less than two grams. MultiMediaCard
is targeted at the emerging markets for mobile smart phones, consumer multimedia
devices,  digital audio  recorders,  digital  video  recorders,  portable  music
players and other  products  that need  removable  data  storage in a small form
factor.  Our  MultiMediaCard is available in storage capacities of 8, 16, 32 and
64 megabytes.

    SECURE DIGITAL MEMORY CARD. On August 25, 1999, we announced a memorandum of
understanding  under which we,  Matsushita and Toshiba will jointly  develop and
promote a next  generation  flash memory card called the Secure  Digital  Memory
Card.  The  Secure   Digital   Memory  Card  is  an  enhanced   version  of  our
MultiMediaCard that will incorporate  advanced security and copyright protection
features  required by the emerging  markets for the electronic  distribution  of
music, video and other copyrighted works.

    The  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card  incorporates  a number of new  features,
including  SDMI  compliant  security and copy  protection,  a  mechanical  write
protect  switch and a high data transfer rate. The Secure Digital Memory Card is
slightly thicker (2.1mm) than our  MultiMediaCard  and uses a nine-pin interface
instead  of the  seven-pin  interface  of the  MultiMediaCard.  Because of these
differences,  the Secure Digital  Memory Card will not work in current  products
that include a MultiMediaCard  slot.  However,  our MultiMediaCard  products are
forward  compatible and will work in Secure Digital Memory Card slots. We expect
to begin  shipping our Secure Digital Memory Card products in 32 and 64 megabyte
capacities  in the second  quarter of 2000. We cannot assure you that our Secure
Digital Memory Card will receive  substantial market acceptance.  Any failure by
our customers to accept our Secure  Digital  Memory Card products could harm our
business,  financial  condition  and results of  operations.  Conversely,  broad
acceptance of our Secure Digital Memory Card by consumers will reduce demand for
our MultiMediaCard and CompactFlash card products.  Recently, Hitachi, Infineon,
Sanyo and  Fujitsu  have  proposed  a Secure  MultiMediaCard,  which is a secure
version of the MultiMediaCard. The Secure Digital Memory Card relies on the copy
protection  features that have been developed for the DVD standard and therefore
may be more likely to be endorsed by the leading content  providers.  The Secure
Digital Memory Card will face significant competition from the Sony Memory Stick
and the Secure  MultiMediaCard.  We cannot  assure  you that the Secure  Digital
Memory Card will become a widely accepted standard.

    OTHER SANDISK PRODUCTS.  We also sell SmartMedia Cards,  ImageMate  external
drives and FlashPath  adapters  under the SanDisk brand name.  Our SanDisk brand
SmartMedia Cards are available in capacities ranging from 8 to 64 megabytes. Our
ImageMate external drives offer a fast,  convenient way to transfer data between
our memory card products and a personal  computer through a USB or parallel port
connection.  The  ImageMate  is available in  CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and
SmartMedia Card versions.  FlashPath  adapters are floppy  disk-shaped  adapters
that allow users to transfer data to and from their MultiMediaCard or SmartMedia
Cards and their computer using a floppy disk drive.

                                        4


<PAGE>


Technology

    Since our inception, we have focused our research and development efforts on
developing highly reliable and  cost-effective  flash memory storage products to
address a number of  emerging  markets.  We have been  actively  involved in all
aspects of this development,  including flash memory process  development,  chip
design,  controller  development  and  system-level  integration  to ensure  the
creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are compatible
with both existing and newly  developed  system  platforms.  We believe our core
technical  competencies  are in high density  flash  memory  process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low-cost
system testing.

    To achieve compatibility with various electronic platforms regardless of the
host  processors or operating  systems used,  we developed new  capabilities  in
flash  memory  chip  design and created a new  intelligent  controller.  We also
developed an architecture that could leverage advances in process  technology to
ensure  a  scaleable,   high-yielding,   cost-effective   and  highly   reliable
manufacturing  process.  We believe that these  technical  competencies  and our
system design approach have enabled us to introduce flash data storage  products
that are better suited for our targeted  market than linear flash cards based on
socket  flash  chips  or  SmartMedia  flash  cards,  which  do  not  contain  an
intelligent   controller.   We  design  our  products  to  be  compatible   with
industry-standard  IDE  and  ATA  interfaces  used  in  all  Windows  and  Apple
compatible personal computers.

    Our patented  intelligent  controller  with its advanced  defect  management
system  permits  our  products  to  achieve  a high  level  of  reliability  and
longevity.  Late bit  failure can occur  several  years into the life of a flash
card product and can be difficult to detect with traditional  flash  technology.
Our dynamic defect management system automatically detects bits that have failed
or are likely to fail due to the number of erase and write cycles such bits have
undergone and dynamically  switches memory to spare good bits  incorporated into
the design. The system also allows the automatic  substitution of entire sectors
or major blocks of the memory chip.  Additionally,  the controller  generates an
error correcting code which is stored  simultaneously  with the data and is used
to detect and dynamically  correct any errors when the data is read. This design
permits our products to maintain error-free  operation for hundreds of thousands
of erase and write  cycles and  reduces  manufacturing  costs by  allowing us to
incorporate  partial die with less than 100% of the  physical  bits on each chip
into the products without loss of functionality.


Strategic Manufacturing Relationships

    An  important  element  of our  strategy  has  been to  establish  strategic
relationships with leading technology  companies that can provide us with access
to leading edge  semiconductor  manufacturing  capacity and  participate  in the
development  of  some  of our  products.  This  enables  us to  concentrate  our
resources on the product design and  development  areas where we believe we have
competitive  advantages  and  eliminate  the high cost of owning and operating a
semiconductor  wafer  fabrication   facility.  We  have  developed  a  strategic
relationship with UMC in Taiwan. We plan to establish  relationships  with other
foundries to increase our supply of wafers,  including Toshiba with whom we have
entered into a nonbinding  memorandum of understanding  regarding advanced flash
memory and controller technologies. We cannot assure you that we will enter into
a definitive  agreement with Toshiba regarding these technologies,  that we will
be successful in establishing new  relationships  or that any new  relationships
will  successfully  increase our supply of  semiconductors  on a  cost-effective
basis.

    All of our products  require silicon wafers which are currently  supplied by
UMC. Most of our wafers are  currently  manufactured  using 0.28 micron  process
technology.  We have been informed by our  manufacturing  partners that they are
experiencing a significant  increase in demand for wafers from other  customers,
which, if this continues,  may create capacity shortages,  longer lead-times and
higher wafer prices.  Any delays in wafer  availability or  uncompetitive  wafer
pricing  could  limit  our  revenue  growth  and  harm our  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

    We invested $51.2 million in United  Semiconductor  Incorporated,  (USIC), a
subsidiary of UMC, which represented an ownership  interest of approximately 10%
in the venture,  and allowed us a right to a seat on its board of directors  and
access to approximately  12.5% of the facility's wafer output. We also receive a
substantial  number of wafers each month from USC. In January 2000,  the USC and
USIC foundries were merged into the UMC parent

                                        5


<PAGE>


company.  We received UMC shares in exchange for our USIC shares. We do not have
a right to a seat on the board of  directors of the  combined  company.  We have
received written assurances from the senior management of UMC that it intends to
continue to supply us the same wafer capacity at the prices we enjoyed under our
agreements with USIC and USC. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to  increase   significantly   our  current  wafer  capacity  and  maintain  our
competitive pricing arrangement in our future supply negotiations with UMC.

    Under the terms of our wafer supply agreements with UMC, we are obligated to
provide a rolling  forecast  of  anticipated  purchase  orders  for the next six
calendar months.  Except in limited  circumstances  and subject to acceptance by
UMC,  the  estimates  for a portion of the  forecast,  generally  three  months,
constitute a binding  commitment and the estimates for the remaining  months may
not  increase or decrease by more than a certain  percentage  from the  previous
month's  forecast.  These  requirements  limit  our  ability  to  react  to  any
significant  fluctuations in demand for our products.  For example,  if customer
demand falls below our forecast  and we are unable to  reschedule  or cancel our
wafer orders, we may end up with excess wafer inventories, which could result in
higher  operating  expenses and reduced gross margins.  Conversely,  if customer
demand exceeds our forecasts,  we may be unable to obtain an adequate  supply of
wafers to fill  customer  orders,  which  could  result in lost  sales and lower
revenues.  In  addition,  in  February  2000,  we entered  into a  capacity  and
reservation  deposit agreement with UMC. To reserve  additional foundry capacity
under this agreement,  we paid UMC a reservation  deposit.  This deposit will be
refunded to us on a quarterly  basis over the agreement  term if we purchase the
full wafer  capacity  reserved  for us. We may forfeit part of our deposit if we
are unable to utilize our reserved  capacity  within four quarters of the end of
the agreement term. We are dependent upon our foundry partners to deliver wafers
and to maintain acceptable yields and quality.

    Although our foundry partners are meeting their wafer supply  commitments to
us, this supply is not  sufficient  to meet our  current  demand for wafers.  We
believe  additional foundry capacity will be necessary to meet future demand for
our  products.  Our  ability to  increase  our  revenue and net income in future
periods is dependent on establishing  additional wafer supply  relationships and
on receiving an uninterrupted supply of wafers from our manufacturing partners.

    Our reliance on third-party  wafer  manufacturers  involves several material
risks,  including  shortages of  manufacturing  capacity,  reduced  control over
delivery schedules, quality assurance, production yields and costs. For example,
in September 1999,  both USIC and USC were damaged and temporarily  shut down by
an earthquake in Taiwan. As a result, approximately 10% of our silicon wafers in
production at the time of the  earthquake  had to be discarded and no new wafers
could be  manufactured  for 11 days,  resulting in the loss or  destruction of a
portion of our fourth quarter 1999 wafer supply.  These fabs have recovered from
the effects of the earthquake.  However, additional earthquakes,  aftershocks or
other natural  disasters in Taiwan could  preclude us from obtaining an adequate
supply of wafers  to fill  customer  orders,  and could  significantly  harm our
business,  financial  condition  and results of  operations.  In addition,  as a
result of our dependence on foreign wafer  manufacturers,  we are subject to the
risks of conducting  business  internationally,  including  political  risks and
exchange rate fluctuations.

    We also have a manufacturing  relationship with NEC, under which it supplies
microcontrollers  for our  products.  The small form  factor of this single chip
integrated controller is necessary to produce our CompactFlash products, as well
as our Flash ChipSet products. NEC is currently a sole-source supplier for these
controller  chips.  Any  interruption  in the  supply  from NEC  could  harm our
business.

    We are  continuing  to identify  and  establish  second  sources for our key
single and sole source component vendors and subcontractors,  although we cannot
assure you that  these  efforts  will be  successful.  During  the next  several
quarters,  if the demand for our  products  exceeds  our  suppliers'  ability to
deliver the  necessary  components  or  subassemblies,  we may be unable to meet
customer demand.

Assembly and Testing

    We test wafers at our  headquarters in Sunnyvale,  California and at the UMC
facility in Taiwan.  Substantially  all of the tested wafers are then shipped to
our third party memory assembly  subcontractors:  Silicon  Precision  Industries
Co., Ltd. in Taiwan and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. in Japan.

                                        6


<PAGE>


    During the second half of 1999,  we  transferred  a  substantial  portion of
wafer  testing,  packaged  memory  final test,  card  assembly  and card test to
Silicon Precision  Industries in Taiwan and Celestica,  Inc. in China. In fiscal
2000,  we expect  that they will  assemble  and test a majority  of our  mature,
high-volume  products.  This increased reliance on subcontractors is expected to
reduce the cost of our  operations  and give us access to  increased  production
capacity. During this transition period, we will continue full operations at our
Sunnyvale   production  facility  while   simultaneously   transferring  testing
equipment to and training of personnel at our  subcontractors.  Any  significant
problems in this complex  transfer of  operations  may result in a disruption of
production and a shortage of products to meet customer  demand in the first half
of 2000 and beyond.

    Our customers have demanding  requirements for quality and  reliability.  To
maximize quality and reliability, we monitor electrical and inspection data from
our wafer  foundries  and  assembly  subcontractors.  We monitor  wafer  foundry
production for consistent overall quality, reliability and yield levels. Most of
our major component suppliers and subcontractors are ISO 9001 or 9002 certified.

Research and Development

   We believe that our future  success will depend on the continued  development
and  introduction  of new  generations  of flash memory chips,  controllers  and
products  designed  specifically for the flash data storage market.  To date, we
have developed and put into  production  flash data storage  products  utilizing
semiconductor  devices with the  following  memory  capacity and  geometries:  4
megabit (0.9  micron),  8 megabit (0.8  micron),  16 megabit  (0.5  micron),  32
megabit (0.5, 0.4 and 0.35 micron), 64 megabit (0.35 micron),  128 megabit (0.28
micron) and 256 megabit D2 flash (0.28 micron).  In addition,  we have developed
several  generations of controllers  for these flash memory chips. In the fourth
quarter  of 1999,  the  majority  of our  production  output  shifted to the 128
megabit  and 256  megabit  D2  technologies.  Because of the  complexity  of our
products, we have periodically experienced significant delays in the development
and volume production ramp up of our products. We cannot assure you that similar
delays will not occur in the future.

    We have periodically  experienced delays in the development of new processes
at our foundry  partners  and such  delays may occur  again in the  future.  Our
foundry  partners  may  also  experience  delays  in  establishing   development
capabilities  for new processes and these delays may harm our business.  We have
also begun  development  of 512 megabit flash memory which is expected to employ
0.18 micron  process  feature size. If we  successfully  enter into a definitive
agreement  with  Toshiba,  we expect to begin  development  of 512 megabit and 1
gigabit  flash memory  which is expected to employ 0.16 and 0.13 micron  process
feature size, respectively.  We do not expect any material revenues from the 512
megabit  technology  for at least one year, or the 1 gigabit  technology  for at
least two years.

    Research and  development  expenses  were $26.9  million,  $18.2 million and
$13.6  million for the fiscal years ended  December 31,  1999,  1998,  and 1997,
respectively. As of December 31, 1999, we had 122 full-time employees engaged in
research and development  activities,  including 13 in our Israel design center.
In fiscal 2000 and beyond,  we expect to  increase  our  spending on process and
design research and  development to support the development and  introduction of
new  generations  of flash data  storage  products,  including  our proposed 512
megabit  and 1 gigabit  flash  memory  co-development  and  manufacturing  joint
venture with Toshiba.

Sales and Distribution

    We market our products using a direct sales  organization,  distributors and
manufacturers' representatives.  We also sell products to various customers on a
private label basis and under the SanDisk brand in the retail channel. Our sales
efforts are organized as follows:

    Direct  Sales  Force.  Our direct  sales  offices are  located in  Maitland,
Florida;  Herndon,  Virginia;  Dublin,  Ohio;  Nashua,  New  Hampshire;  Irvine,
California;   Sunnyvale,   California;   Hannover,   Germany;   Amsterdam,   The
Netherlands; Hong Kong; and Yokohama and Osaka, Japan. These offices support our
major OEM  customers  and our  distribution  and  manufacturers'  representative
partners.

    Distributors.  In the United  States,  our products  are sold through  Arrow
Electronics Inc., Avnet Inc. and Bell  MicroProducts Inc. to OEM customers for a
wide variety of industrial applications. In addition, we have distributors

                                        7


<PAGE>


in various regions of the world including Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand,
Taiwan, Korea, Singapore and Hong Kong.

    Independent Manufacturers' Representatives. In the United States, Canada and
Europe, our direct sales force is supported in its sales efforts by more than 39
independent firms.  These domestic and international  firms receive a commission
for  providing  support  to our  direct  sales  force  and  distributors  in the
industrial   distribution,   OEM  and  retail   channels.   The   manufacturers'
representative  companies  sell our  products  as well as  products  from  other
manufacturers.

    OEMs. We provide private label products to OEMs in the United States, Europe
and the Pacific Rim.

    Retail. We ship SanDisk brand name products directly to consumer electronics
stores, office superstores,  photo retailers,  mass merchants,  catalog and mail
order  companies,   internet  and  e-commerce   retailers  and  selected  retail
distributors.   Our   distributors   include  Ingram  Micro,   Inc.,  Tech  Data
Corporation,  Laguna  Corporation  and  Wynit,  Inc.  in the United  States,  in
addition to international distributors.  Our products are available in more than
13,000 stores  worldwide.  Fourteen  independent  manufacturers'  representative
firms are supporting our sales efforts in the retail  channel.  In addition,  we
recently  began selling our products on the internet  through third parties such
as Amazon.com.

Customer Service and Technical Support

    We provide  customers with  comprehensive  product  service and support.  We
provide technical  support through our application  engineering group located in
the United  States,  Japan and Hong Kong.  We work closely with our customers to
monitor the performance of our product designs,  to provide  application  design
support and assistance, and to gain insight into our customers' needs to help in
the definition of subsequent generations of products.

    Our support  package is generally  offered  with product  sales and includes
technical  documentation and application  design  assistance.  In some cases, we
offer  additional   support  which  includes  training,   system-level   design,
implementation  and integration  support and failure  analysis.  We believe that
tailoring the technical  support level to our customers'  needs is essential for
the success of product introductions and to achieve a high level of satisfaction
among our customers. We generally provide a one-year warranty on our products.

Patents and Licenses

    We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks,  copyright and trade secret
laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and  licensing  arrangements  to protect our
intellectual  property rights. We vigorously protect and defend our intellectual
property  rights.  In the past,  we have been involved in  significant  disputes
regarding our intellectual  property rights and we believe we may be involved in
similar disputes in the future.

    In 1988,  we  developed  the concept of  emulation of a hard disk drive with
flash  solid-state  memory.  The first related patents were filed in 1988 by Dr.
Eli Harari and  exclusively  licensed to us. We currently own or have  exclusive
rights to 112 United States and 26 foreign  issued  patents,  and over 75 patent
applications  pending  in the  United  States,  as well as 37 pending in foreign
patent offices,  including 19 U.S. patents, 27 U.S. patent applications  pending
and 16 foreign patent applications pending which we recently acquired from Invox
Technology relating primarily to high capacity,  multilevel flash memory storage
products.  We intend to seek additional  international and United States patents
on our  technology.  We  believe  some of our  patents  are  fundamental  to the
implementation of flash data storage systems,  as well as the  implementation of
D2 flash,  independent of the flash technology used.  However,  we cannot assure
you that any patents  held by us will not be  invalidated,  that patents will be
issued for any of our  pending  applications,  or that any claims  allowed  from
existing or pending patents will be of sufficient scope or strength or be issued
in the primary  countries  where our products can be sold to provide  meaningful
protection or any commercial advantage to us. Additionally,  our competitors may
be able to design their products around our patents.

    The  semiconductor  industry is  characterized  by vigorous  protection  and
pursuit of  intellectual  property  rights or  positions,  which has resulted in
significant  and often  protracted  and  expensive  litigation.  To preserve our
intellectual

                                        8


<PAGE>


property rights, we believe it may be necessary to initiate  litigation  against
one or more third  parties,  including  but not limited to those we have already
notified of possible  patent  infringement.  In  addition,  one or more of these
parties  may bring suit  against  us. For  example,  in March  1998,  we filed a
complaint in federal  court  against  Lexar Media,  Inc. for  infringement  of a
fundamental  flash  disk  patent.   Lexar  has  disputed  our  claim  of  patent
infringement,  claimed  our  patent is  invalid or  unenforceable  and  asserted
various counterclaims including unfair competition, violation of the Lanham Act,
patent  misuse,   interference  with  prospective   economic  advantage,   trade
defamation  and fraud.  We have  denied each of Lexar's  counterclaims.  In July
1998, the court denied Lexar's request to have the case dismissed on the grounds
we failed to perform an adequate prefiling investigation. Discovery in the Lexar
suit  commenced in August  1998.  On February  22,  1999,  the court  considered
arguments  and papers  submitted by the parties  regarding  the scope and proper
interpretation  of the asserted claims in our patent at issue in the Lexar suit.
On March 4, 1999, the court issued its ruling on the proper  construction of the
claim  terms in our  patent.  On July 30,  1999,  we filed a motion for  partial
summary judgment that Lexar  CompactFlash and PC Cards  contributorily  infringe
our patent.  Lexar  filed a counter  motion for partial  summary  judgement  for
patent  invalidity.  A hearing on these motions was held on March 17, 2000. Both
matters  were taken  under  submission  by the court and we are  waiting for the
court's  order on both motions.  In August 1999,  we had a mandatory  settlement
meeting with Lexar. No settlement was reached through this meeting. A trial date
has not yet been set. We intend to vigorously enforce our patents, but we cannot
assure you that these efforts will be successful

    In the  event  of an  adverse  result  in any such  litigation,  we could be
required to pay  substantial  damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and sale of
infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop  non-infringing
technology,  discontinue the use of certain  processes or obtain licenses to the
infringing technology. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant,
would likely result in  significant  expense to us and divert the efforts of our
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is ultimately
determined  in our  favor.  In  addition,  the  results  of any  litigation  are
inherently uncertain.

    In the  event we desire  to  incorporate  third  party  technology  into our
products  or  our  products  are  found  to  infringe  on  others'   patents  or
intellectual  property  rights,  we may be required to license  such  patents or
intellectual  property  rights.  We may also need to license  some or all of our
patent portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of others.
We  currently  have  patent  cross-license  agreements  with  several  companies
including Hitachi, Intel, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba. From time to time, we have
also  entered  into  discussions  with  other  companies   regarding   potential
cross-license  agreements  for our patents.  However,  we cannot assure you that
licenses  will be  offered  or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be
acceptable to us. If we obtain  licenses from third parties,  we may be required
to pay license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which  could  reduce our gross
margins. If we are unable to obtain a license from a third party for technology,
we could incur  substantial  liabilities  or be  required to expend  substantial
resources  redesigning our products to eliminate the infringement.  In addition,
we might be required to suspend  the  manufacture  of products or the use by our
foundries of processes  requiring the  technology,  We cannot assure you that we
would be successful in redesigning our products or that we could obtain licenses
under reasonable  terms.  Furthermore,  any development or license  negotiations
could require substantial expenditures of time and other resources by us.

    As is common in the industry, we agree to indemnify certain of our suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies,  but may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses,  including  attorneys'  fees.  We may from time to time be  engaged in
litigation as a result of such indemnification obligations.

   In our efforts to maintain  the  confidentiality  and  ownership of our trade
secrets and other confidential information, we require all regular and temporary
employees,  consultants,  foundry  partners,  certain  customers,  suppliers and
partners to execute  confidentiality  and invention  assignment  agreements upon
commencement of a relationship with us and extending for a period of time beyond
termination of the relationship. We cannot assure you that these agreements will
provide  meaningful  protection  for our  trade  secrets  or other  confidential
information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information.

                                        9


<PAGE>


Backlog

    We manufacture and market primarily standard  products.  Sales are generally
made pursuant to standard  purchase orders. We include in our backlog only those
customer orders for which we have accepted purchase orders and assigned shipment
dates within the upcoming twelve months.  Since orders  constituting our current
backlog are subject to changes in delivery schedules, backlog is not necessarily
an  indication  of future  revenue.  In addition,  we cannot assure you that the
current backlog will  necessarily  lead to revenues in any future period.  As of
December  31,  1999,  our total  backlog  was $157.2  million  compared to $13.4
million at December 31, 1998. Bookings visibility has improved  significantly in
recent quarters,  and we are  substantially  booked for the first half of fiscal
2000,  with the exception of retail sales which typically are booked and shipped
in the same quarter.

Competition

    We compete  in an  industry  characterized  by  intense  competition,  rapid
technological  changes,  evolving industry standards,  declining average selling
prices  and rapid  product  obsolescence.  Our  competitors  include  many large
domestic and international  companies that have greater access to advanced wafer
foundry capacity,  substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing and
other resources,  broader product lines and longer standing  relationships  with
customers. Our primary competitors include:

o       storage flash chip producers, such as Hitachi, Samsung and Toshiba;

o       socket flash, linear flash and component manufacturers, such as Advanced
        Micro Devices,  Atmel, Intel, Macronix,  Micron Technology,  Mitsubishi,
        Sharp Electronics and ST Microelectronics; and

o       module  or card  assemblers,  such as Lexar  Media,  M-Systems,  Pretec,
        Simple Technology,  Sony Corporation,  Kingston  Technology,  Panasonic,
        Silicon Storage Technology, TDK Corporation,  Matsushita Battery, Delkin
        Devices,   Inc.,  Silicon  Tek  and  Viking   Components,   who  combine
        controllers  and flash  memory  chips  developed  by others  into  flash
        storage cards.

In  addition,  over  25  companies  have  been  certified  by  the  CompactFlash
Association to manufacture and sell their own brand of CompactFlash.  We believe
additional manufacturers will enter the CompactFlash market in the future.

    We have announced a memorandum of understanding  under which we,  Matsushita
and Toshiba will jointly develop and promote a next generation flash memory card
called the Secure  Digital  Memory Card.  Under this  agreement,  Secure Digital
Memory Card licenses  will be granted to other flash memory card  manufacturers,
which  will  increase  the  competition  for our  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card,
CompactFlash and MultiMediaCard  products.  In addition,  Matsushita and Toshiba
will sell  Secure  Digital  Memory  Cards that will  compete  directly  with our
products.  While other flash card  manufacturers  will be required to pay the SD
Association  license fees and  royalties,  there will be no royalties or license
fees payable among the three companies for their  respective sales of the Secure
Digital Memory Card.

    In October  1999, we entered into a nonbinding  memorandum of  understanding
with  Toshiba  providing  for the joint  development  and  manufacturing  of 512
megabit  and 1  gigabit  flash  memory  chips and  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card
controllers.  We and Toshiba will each  separately  market and sell any products
developed and manufactured under this relationship. Accordingly, we will compete
directly with Toshiba for sales of these advanced chips and controllers.

     We have entered into patent  cross-license  agreements  with several of our
leading competitors including Hitachi,  Intel, Sharp, Samsung and Toshiba. Under
these agreements,  each party may manufacture and sell products that incorporate
technology  covered by each party's patents related to flash memory devices.  As
we continue to license  our patents to certain of our  competitors,  competition
will  increase and may harm our  business,  financial  condition  and results of
operations.

                                       10


<PAGE>


    Competing products have been introduced that promote industry standards that
are different  from our  CompactFlash  and  MultiMediaCard  products,  including
Toshiba's  SmartMedia,  Sony Corporation's  Memory Stick, Sony's standard floppy
disk used for digital storage in their Mavica digital cameras,  Panasonic's Mega
Storage cards,  Iomega's Clik drive, a miniaturized  mechanical,  removable disk
drive,  M-System's  Diskonchip for embedded storage  applications and the Secure
MultiMediaCard   from  Hitachi  and  Infineon.   Each   competing   standard  is
mechanically   and    electronically    incompatible   with   CompactFlash   and
MultiMediaCard. If a manufacturer of products such as digital cameras designs in
one of these alternative  competing  standards,  CompactFlash and MultiMediaCard
will be eliminated from use in that product.

    In September 1998, IBM introduced the microdrive, a rotating disk drive in a
Type II CompactFlash  format.  This product  competes  directly with our Type II
CompactFlash memory cards for use in high-end  professional  digital cameras. In
October 1998,  M-Systems  introduced  their  Diskonchip 2000 Millennium  product
which  competes   against  our  Flash  ChipSet   products  in  embedded  storage
applications such as set top boxes and networking appliances.

    According to  independent  industry  analysts,  Sony's Mavica digital camera
captured a considerable  portion of the United States market for digital cameras
in 1998 and 1999. The Mavica uses a standard floppy disk to store digital images
and  therefore  uses no  CompactFlash,  or any  other  flash  cards.  Our  sales
prospects for CompactFlash  cards have been adversely impacted by the success of
the Mavica.  Recently, Sony has shifted its focus to the use of its Flash Memory
Stick in its latest digital camera models.

    Our  MultiMediaCard  products have also faced  significant  competition from
Toshiba's  SmartMedia  flash cards and we expect to face  similarly  significant
competition from Sony's Memory Stick.  Sony has licensed its proprietary  Memory
Stick to other companies. If it is adopted and achieves widespread use in future
products,  sales of our  MultiMediaCard  and CompactFlash  products may decline.
Recently,  Hitachi,  Infineon,  Sanyo and Fujitsu  have  proposed  their  Secure
MultiMediaCard  which provides the copy protection  function that is included on
our Secure Digital Memory Card. Should this initiative gain industry acceptance,
it may reduce the widespread adoption of the Secure Digital Memory Card. We also
sell SmartMedia  cards to our retail customers who prefer to buy all their flash
memory cards from one supplier.

    We also face  competition  from  products  based on  multilevel  cell  flash
technology such as Intel's 64 megabit chips and Hitachi's 256 megabit multilevel
cell flash  chip.  These  products  compete  with our D2  multilevel  cell flash
technology. Multilevel cell flash is a technological innovation that allows each
flash memory cell to store two bits of  information  instead of the  traditional
single bit  stored by the  industry  standard  flash  technology.  In the second
quarter of 1999, Intel announced their new 128 megabit  multilevel cell chip and
Hitachi began shipping  customer  samples of CompactFlash  cards employing their
new  multilevel  cell  flash  chip.  In  addition,  Toshiba  has begun  customer
shipments of 32 megabyte  SmartMedia cards employing their new 256 megabit flash
chip. Although Toshiba has not incorporated  multilevel cell flash technology in
their 256 megabit  flash chip,  their use of more advanced  lithographic  design
rules may allow them achieve a more  competitive cost structure than that of our
256 megabit D2 flash chip.

    Furthermore,  we expect to face  competition  from existing  competitors and
from other  companies  that may enter our  existing or future  markets that have
similar  or  alternative  data  storage  solutions  which may be less  costly or
provide  additional  features.  Price is an important  competitive factor in the
market for consumer  products.  Increased  price  competition  could lower gross
margins if our average selling prices decrease faster than our costs,  and could
also result in lost sales.

We  believe  that our  ability to  compete  successfully  depends on a number of
factors, which include:

o        price and quality;

o        product performance and availability;

o        success in developing new applications for system flash technology;

                                       11


<PAGE>



o        adequate foundry capacity;

o        efficiency of production;

o        timing of new product announcements or introductions by us, our
         customers and our competitors;

o        the ability of our competitors to incorporate their flash data storage
         systems into their customers' products;

o        the number and nature of our competitors in a given market;

o        successful protection of intellectual property rights; and

o        general market and economic conditions.

    We believe that we compete  favorably  with other  companies with respect to
these factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
against current and future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us
will not  materially  adversely  affect our  business,  financial  condition  or
results of operations.

Employees

    As of December 31, 1999,  we had 552  full-time  employees and 257 temporary
employees, including 122 in research and development, 88 in sales and marketing,
82 in finance and administration and 517 in operations. Our success is dependent
on our retention of key technical,  sales and marketing employees and members of
senior  management.  Additionally,  our success is  contingent on our ability to
attract and recruit skilled employees in a very competitive  market. None of our
employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement and we have never
experienced any work stoppage. We believe that our employee relations are good.

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

    Our principal facilities are presently located in Sunnyvale,  California. We
lease two adjacent  buildings,  a 104,000 square foot building that is dedicated
to production and research and  development  activities and a 50,000 square foot
building which houses our administrative and sales and marketing  functions.  We
occupy this space under lease  agreements that expire in July 2001.  Under these
agreements,  we have the  option to renew the leases on both  buildings  for two
additional  five-year  terms  ending  on June  30,  2011.  We  believe  that our
facilities  will be  adequate  to meet our near term  needs and that  additional
space will be available as required.  We also lease  domestic  sales  offices in
Herndon, Virginia;  Irvine, California;  Dublin, Ohio; Nashua, New Hampshire and
Maitland,  Florida,  as well as  foreign  sales  offices in  Hannover,  Germany;
Amsterdam,  the Netherlands;  Yokohama and Osaka,  Japan; Hong Kong and a design
center in Tefen, Israel.

                                       12


<PAGE>


ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


    In March  1988,  we filed a complaint  in federal  court  against  Lexar for
infringement  of a  fundamental  flash memory card patent.  Lexar  disputed this
claim and  asserted  that our patent was  invalid or  unenforceable,  as well as
asserted various  counterclaims  including unfair competition,  violation of the
Lanham Act, patent misuse,  interference  with prospective  economic  advantage,
trade defamation and fraud. We have denied all of these  counterclaims.  In July
1998, the court denied Lexar's request to have the case dismissed.  Discovery in
this suit began in August  1998.  On February  22,  1999,  the court  considered
arguments  and papers  submitted by the parties  regarding  the scope and proper
interpretation  of the asserted claims in our patent at issue in the Lexar suit.
On March 4, 1999, the court issued its ruling on the proper  construction of the
claim  terms in our  patent.  On July 30,  1999,  we filed a motion for  partial
summary judgment that Lexar  CompactFlash and PC Cards  contributorily  infringe
our patent.  In December 1999,  Lexar filed a counter motion for partial summary
judgment for  invalidity of our patent.  Both motions were heard by the court on
March 17, 2000 and the matters were taken under  submission by the court. We are
waiting  for the  court's  ruling  on both  matters.  In August  1999,  we had a
mandatory  settlement meeting with Lexar. No settlement was reached through this
meeting. A trial date has not yet been set.

   In May 1999,  Lexar filed a complaint  against us in federal court for claims
of unfair  competition,  false  advertising,  trade  libel and  intentional  and
negligent   interference  with  prospective   business  advantage.   In  Lexar's
complaint,  Lexar  alleged  that  statements  by us  regarding  the  comparative
performance  of our  products  and Lexar's in digital  cameras  were false,  and
further alleged that we had interfered with the  certification  of certain Lexar
products by the CompactFlash Association.  On July 1, 1999, we filed a motion to
dismiss  the Lexar  complaint.  Also,  in July  1999,  Lexar  filed a motion for
preliminary  injunction seeking to stop certain advertising practices that Lexar
alleges were misleading. On August 26, 1999, the parties executed and filed with
the court a joint  stipulation  withdrawing  our motion to dismiss and  granting
Lexar  permission  to amend its  complaint.  Lexar has amended its  complaint to
remove any allegations and causes of action based on our alleged interference in
certification by the CompactFlash Association.  On September 17, 1999, the court
conducted a hearing on Lexar's motion for preliminary  injunction.  On September
24, 1999,  the court issued an order granting a limited  preliminary  injunction
which  enjoins us from using or  implying  certain  terminology  in  advertising
regarding the comparative performance of our memory products in digital cameras.
On October 1, 1999, we filed  counterclaims  against Lexar  asserting  causes of
action including unfair competition and false advertising under both federal and
California law.  Although we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the case, we
believe  that  Lexar's  claims are  without  merit and that we have  meritorious
counterclaims against Lexar.

    Compaq  Corporation has opposed in several  countries,  including the United
States,  our  attempting  to register  CompactFlash  as a  trademark.  We do not
believe that our failure to obtain  registration for the CompactFlash  mark will
materially harm our business.


ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         At our Special  Meeting of  Stockholders  held on December 8, 1998, the
following proposal was approved:

                                Shares in    Shares    Shares     Shares
                                  Favor     Opposed  Abstaining  Non-voting
                                ---------- --------- ---------- -----------
Increase the authorized         20,645,409 4,799,800    18,804   2,156,147
common stock from 40,000,000
to 125,000,000

                                       13


<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    Our executive  officers,  who are elected by and serve at the  discretion of
the Board of Directors, are as follows:

Name                 Age            Position

Dr. Eli Harari        54 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Frank Calderoni       42 Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance
                         and Administration
Daniel Auclair        53 Senior Vice President, Business Development and
                         Intellectual Property
Ralph Hudson          55 Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations
Sanjay Mehrotra       41 Senior Vice President, Engineering
Nelson Chan           38 Senior Vice President, Marketing
Jocelyn Scarborough   55 Vice President, Human Resources


    Dr. Eli Harari,  the founder of SanDisk,  has served as President  and Chief
Executive  Officer  and as a director  of SanDisk  since June 1988.  Dr.  Harari
founded Wafer Scale Integration, a privately held semiconductor company, in 1983
and was its  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  from  1983 to 1986,  and
Chairman and Chief  Technical  Officer from 1986 to 1988. From 1973 to 1983, Dr.
Harari held various  management  positions with Honeywell Inc., Intel and Hughes
Aircraft Microelectronics. Dr. Harari holds a Ph.D. in Solid State Sciences from
Princeton University.

    Mr. Frank  Calderoni  joined SanDisk in February 2000 as the Chief Financial
Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration. He was previously
Vice President  Finance and Operations,  Global Small Business at  International
Business  Machines  Corporation.  From 1979 to 1999, Mr.  Calderoni held various
management  positions,  including  controller  Storage Systems Division,  Server
Group  Controller  and System 390  division  director  of finance & planning  at
International  Business  Machines  Corporation.  Mr.  Calderoni  holds a B.S. in
Finance/Accounting from Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Pace University.

    Mr. Daniel Auclair has served as Vice President of Systems  Engineering from
1990 to June 1993,  Vice President of Engineering  and Technology from June 1993
to July 1995,  Senior Vice President of Operations and Technology from July 1995
to January 1998 and has served as Senior Vice President of Business  Development
and Intellectual Property since January 1998. From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Auclair was
Vice President of Engineering at Anamartic,  a company that utilizes wafer scale
technology to build DRAM mass storage  systems.  From 1984 to 1988,  Mr. Auclair
was Vice  President  and  General  Manager of the OMTI  division  of  Scientific
MicroSystems,  a supplier of disk  controllers and disk controller  chips to the
disk drive industry. Mr. Auclair holds a B.S. degree in Engineering Physics from
the  University of Maine and an M.S. in Computer  Science from the University of
Santa Clara.

    Mr.  Ralph  Hudson  joined  SanDisk as Senior Vice  President  of World Wide
Operations in August 1998. He was previously  President of RJ Hudson  Consulting
from 1997 to 1998,  Vice President of Operations for  USRobotics/3Com's  Network
Work  Systems  Division  from 1996 to 1997,  Senior Vice  President  and General
Manager for Bell and Howell from 1993 to 1996 and held various senior management
positions  with Data  General  from 1977 to 1993 where he was Vice  President of
World  Wide  Operations  from  1989 to  1993.  Prior to  this,  he held  various
management and senior  management  positions with NCR  Corporation  from 1967 to
1977. Mr. Hudson holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Allied Institute of
Technology.

    Mr. Sanjay  Mehrotra is a co-founder  of SanDisk,  has served as Director of
Memory Design and Product  Engineering  from November  1988, to June 1995;  Vice
President of Product Development from July 1995 to July 1999; and as Senior Vice
President of Engineering since July 1999. From January 1980 until November 1988,
Mr. Mehrotra worked at Intel  Corporation,  Seeq Technology,  Integrated  Device
Technology  and  Atmel  Corporation  in  the  area  of  design  engineering  and
engineering  management,  mostly in EPROM and EEPROM  product  development.  Mr.
Mehrotra holds a B.S. and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
from the University of California at Berkeley.

                                       14


<PAGE>



    Mr.  Nelson Chan joined  SanDisk as Vice  President,  Marketing in September
1992 and has served as Senior Vice  President,  Marketing  since  December 1999.
From 1986 to 1992,  Mr. Chan was Marketing  Manager for the  Integrated  Systems
Products  Division at Chips and  Technologies.  From 1983 to 1986, Mr. Chan held
marketing and engineering positions at Signetics and Delco Electronics. Mr. Chan
holds  a  B.S.  in  Electrical  and  Computer  Engineering  from  University  of
California at Santa Barbara and an M.B.A. from Santa Clara University.

    Ms. Jocelyn  Scarborough joined SanDisk as Vice President of Human Resources
in March 1999. She was previously  Principal of Scarborough  and Associates from
1997 to 1999 and Vice  President of Human  Resources  for the  California  State
Automobile  Association  from 1994 to 1997.  From 1973 to 1993, Ms.  Scarborough
held various  management  positions,  including  Director of Human Resources and
Organization  Development,  at Digital Equipment  Corporation.  Ms.  Scarborough
holds a B.S. in Psychology from Gordon College.

                                       15


<PAGE>



                                     PART II


ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
              RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Market Price of Common Stock

Our Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq  National Market under the symbol SNDK.
Our initial public  offering of stock occurred on November 8, 1995 at a price to
the public of $5.00 per share.  On January  26,  2000,  the  Company's  board of
directors  approved a 2-for-1 stock split, in the form of a 100% stock dividend,
payable to  stockholders of record as of February 8, 2000. The dividend was paid
and the split was  effected on February  22, 2000.  Shares,  per share  amounts,
common stock at par value and  additional  paid in capital have been restated to
reflect the stock split for all periods presented. The following table lists the
high and low sales price for each quarter during the last two years.

                                    High               Low
Fiscal year 1998
   First quarter                    $13.125            $ 7.875
   Second quarter                   $12.5625           $ 6.125
   Third quarter                    $ 7.375            $ 3.75
   Fourth quarter                   $ 7.50             $ 2.5625
Fiscal year 1999
   First quarter                    $18.8125           $ 6.25
   Second quarter                   $22.3438           $ 8.50
   Third quarter                    $47.875            $19.75
   Fourth quarter                   $50.3125           $18.875

    As of March 15, 2000, there were  approximately  203 stockholders of record.
The Company has never  declared or paid any cash  dividends  on its Common Stock
and does not expect to pay cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. The Company currently intends to retain its earnings, if any, for use in
its business.

                                       16


<PAGE>


ITEM 6:  SANDISK CORPORATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
           (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Year Ended December 31,                       1999         1998         1997          1996         1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
  Product                                $ 205,770    $ 103,190    $ 105,675      $ 89,599     $ 61,589
  License and royalty                       41,220       32,571       19,578         8,000        1,250
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                             246,990      135,761      125,253        97,599       62,839

Cost of revenues                           152,143       80,311       72,280        58,707       36,613
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                               94,847       55,450       52,973        38,892       26,226
Operating income                            30,085       12,810       19,680        12,474        7,777
Net income                                $ 26,550     $ 11,836     $ 19,839      $ 14,485     $  9,065
Net income per share
     Basic                                $   0.48     $   0.23     $   0.43      $   0.33     $   0.24
     Diluted                              $   0.43     $   0.21     $   0.40      $   0.30     $   0.22
Shares used in per share calculations
     Basic                                  55,834       52,596       45,760        44,324       37,494
     Diluted                                61,433       55,344       49,940        48,412       40,656



At December 31,                               1999         1998         1997          1996         1995
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Working capital                          $ 482,793    $ 138,471    $ 134,298      $ 77,029     $ 68,002
Total assets                               657,724      255,741      245,467       108,268       92,147
Total stockholders' equity                 572,127      207,838      191,374        87,810       72,381
</TABLE>


See Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements and Management's  Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

                                       17


<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
SUPPLEMENTARY Quarterly Data
(Unaudited.  In thousands except per share data)

Quarterly/1999                   1st          2nd          3rd           4th
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
  Product                   $ 35,926     $ 42,300     $ 57,624      $ 69,920
  License and royalty          8,210       10,249        9,910        12,851
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                44,136       52,549       67,534        82,771

Gross profits                 17,627       21,691       23,637        31,892
Operating income               4,848        7,033        6,956        11,248
Net income                     4,323        5,694        6,505        10,028
Net income per share
     Basic                  $   0.08     $   0.11     $   0.12      $   0.17
     Diluted                $   0.07     $   0.10     $   0.11      $   0.15



 Quarterly/1998                  1st          2nd          3rd           4th
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
  Product                   $ 25,426     $ 23,480     $ 24,143      $ 30,141
  License and royalty          8,676        7,881        7,935         8,079
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                34,102       31,361       32,078        38,220

Gross profits                 16,330       10,801       13,238        15,081
Operating income               6,004          370        2,633         3,803
Net income                     4,703        1,053        2,506         3,574
Net income per share
     Basic                  $   0.09     $   0.02     $   0.05      $   0.07
     Diluted                $   0.08     $   0.02     $   0.05      $   0.07


                                       18


<PAGE>


ITEM 7:  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

    Certain  statements  in this  discussion  and analysis  are forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth in "Factors That May Affect Future Results." The following  discussion
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto.

Overview

    SanDisk  was  founded in 1988 to  develop  and  market  flash  data  storage
systems.   We   sell   our   products   to   the   consumer    electronics   and
industrial/communications  markets. In 1999, the percentage of our product sales
attributable  to  the  consumer   electronics  market,   particularly  sales  of
CompactFlash  for use in digital camera  applications,  continued to grow.  This
increase in sales to the consumer  market  resulted in a further  shift in sales
mix to  products  with  average  capacities  between 8 and 64  megabytes,  which
typically  have lower average  selling  prices and gross margins than our higher
capacity FlashDisk and FlashDrive  products.  In addition, a substantial portion
of our CompactFlash products are sold into the retail channel, which usually has
shorter  customer order  lead-times than our other  channels.  A majority of our
sales to the  retail  channel  are turns  business,  with  orders  received  and
fulfilled in the same  quarter,  thereby  decreasing  our ability to  accurately
forecast future  production  needs. We believe sales to the consumer market will
continue  to  represent a majority  of our sales as the  popularity  of consumer
applications, including digital cameras, increases.

    Our  operating  results are  affected by a number of factors  including  the
volume of  product  sales,  availability  of  foundry  capacity,  variations  in
manufacturing   cycle   times,   fluctuations   in   manufacturing   yields  and
manufacturing utilization, the timing of significant orders, competitive pricing
pressures,  our  ability to match  supply  with  demand,  changes in product and
customer mix,  market  acceptance  of new or enhanced  versions of our products,
changes in the channels  through which our products are  distributed,  timing of
new product  announcements  and  introductions  by us and our  competitors,  the
timing of license and royalty revenues, fluctuations in product costs, increased
research and development expenses, and exchange rate fluctuations.  In addition,
as  the  proportion  of our  products  sold  for  use  in  consumer  electronics
applications increases,  our revenues may become subject to seasonal declines in
the first quarter of each year.  See "Factors  That May Affect Future  Results -
Our Operating Results May Fluctuate Significantly" and "-There is Seasonality in
Our Business."

    Beginning  in late  1995,  we  adopted a  strategy  of  licensing  our flash
technology,   including   our  patent   portfolio,   to  selected   third  party
manufacturers  of  flash  products.   To  date,  we  have  entered  into  patent
cross-license   agreements  with  several   companies,   and  intend  to  pursue
opportunities to enter into additional licenses.  Our current license agreements
provide for the payment of license fees,  royalties,  or a combination  thereof.
The timing and amount of these payments can vary  substantially  from quarter to
quarter, depending on the terms of each agreement and, in some cases, the timing
of sales of  products  by the other  parties.  As a result,  license and royalty
revenues have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to
fluctuate in the future. Given the relatively high gross margins associated with
license  and  royalty  revenues,  gross  margins  and net  income  are likely to
fluctuate more with changes in license and royalty revenues than with changes in
product revenues.

    We market our  products  using a direct  sales  organization,  distributors,
manufacturers'  representatives,  private label partners, OEMs and retailers. We
expect that sales through the retail  channel will comprise an increasing  share
of total  revenues in the future,  and that a  substantial  portion of our sales
into the retail channel will be made to participants that will have the right to
return unsold products.  We do not recognize revenues from these sales until the
products are sold to the end customers. See "Item 1:
Business - Sales and Distribution."

    Historically,  a  majority  of our sales  have  been to a limited  number of
customers.  Product sales to our top 10 customers  accounted  for  approximately
57%, 59% and 67%, respectively, of our product revenues for 1999, 1998 and 1997.
In addition,  in 1999 and 1998 revenues from one customer  exceeded 10% of total
revenues. No single customer accounted for greater than 10% of total revenues in
1997. We expect that sales of our products to a limited number of customers will
continue to account for a  substantial  portion of our product  revenues for the
foreseeable

                                       19


<PAGE>


future. We have also experienced  significant  changes in the composition of our
customer  base from year to year and expect  this  pattern to continue as market
demand for such  customers'  products  fluctuates.  The loss of, or  significant
reduction in purchases by major customers,  could have a material adverse effect
on our business,  financial  condition and results of  operations.  See "Factors
That May Affect Future Results - Sales to a Small Number of Customers  Represent
a Significant Portion of Our Revenues" and "Business - Sales and Distribution."

    All of our products require silicon wafers, which are currently manufactured
by  UMC  in  Taiwan.   Industry   wide  demand  for   semiconductors   increased
significantly in 1999, due to increased  demand in the consumer  electronics and
cellular  phone markets.  This increased  demand is expected to continue in 2000
causing  supply to become  constrained  and prices to increase.  Under our wafer
supply agreements, there are limits on the number of wafers we can order and our
ability to change that quantity is restricted. Accordingly, our ability to react
to significant  fluctuations in demand for our products is limited.  If customer
demand exceeds our forecasts,  we may be unable to obtain an adequate  supply of
wafers to fill  customer  orders,  which  could  result in lost  sales and lower
revenues.  If we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of flash memory wafers
with acceptable  prices and yields from our current and future wafer  foundries,
our business,  financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. If
customer  demand  falls below our forecast  and we are unable to  reschedule  or
cancel our wafer  orders,  we may end up with excess  wafer  inventories,  which
could result in higher  operating  expenses and reduced gross  margins.  We have
from time to time taken write downs for excess inventories.  For example, in the
second  quarter of 1998, our product gross margins were  negatively  impacted by
such an inventory write down.  These  adjustments  decrease gross margins in the
quarter  reported  and  have  resulted,  and  could  in the  future  result,  in
fluctuations  in gross margins on a quarter to quarter basis.  See "Factors That
May Affect Future Results - Our Operating Results May Fluctuate Significantly."

    Export sales are an important  part of our business,  representing  53%, 56%
and 57% of our total revenues in 1999, 1998, and 1997,  respectively.  Our sales
may be impacted by changes in economic conditions in our international  markets.
For example,  in 1998,  product sales to Japan declined 19% from the prior year,
due in part to the Asian economic crisis.  While a majority of our revenues from
sales to Japan and other Asian countries are derived from OEM customers who plan
to export a portion of their  products to  countries  outside of Asia,  economic
conditions  in Asia may continue to adversely  effect our revenues to the extent
that  demand  for our  products  in Asia  declines.  Given the  recent  economic
conditions  in Asia and the  weakness of many Asian  currencies  relative to the
United States  dollar,  our products may be relatively  more  expensive in Asia,
which  could  result  in a  decrease  our  sales  in that  region.  We may  also
experience  pressure  on our  gross  margins  as a  result  of  increased  price
competition from Asian  competitors.  While most of our sales are denominated in
U.S.  Dollars,  we invoice  certain  Japanese  customers in Japanese Yen and are
subject to exchange rate fluctuations on these  transactions  which could affect
our business,  financial condition and results of operations.  See "Factors That
May Affect Future Results - Our  international  operations make us vulnerable to
changing conditions and currency fluctuations."

    For the foreseeable  future,  we expect to realize a significant  portion of
our revenues from recently  introduced and new products.  Typically new products
initially  have lower  gross  margins  than more  mature  products  because  the
manufacturing  yields are lower at the start of  manufacturing  each  successive
product generation. In addition, manufacturing yields are generally lower at the
start of manufacturing any product at a new foundry. To remain  competitive,  we
are  focusing on a number of programs to lower  manufacturing  costs,  including
development of future  generations of D2 flash and advanced  technology  wafers.
There can be no assurance  that we will  successfully  develop such  products or
processes or that development of such processes will lower manufacturing  costs.
In addition,  if the industry wide supply of flash memory  products grows faster
than customer  demand,  we could experience  increased price  competition in the
future,  which could result in decreased  average selling prices and lower gross
margins. See "Factors That May Affect Future Results -We Must Achieve Acceptable
Manufacturing Yields."


Results of Operations


    PRODUCT  REVENUES.  In 1999,  our product  revenues  increased 99% to $205.8
million from $103.2  million in 1998.  The increase  consisted of an increase of
157% in unit sales, which was partially offset by a 22% decline in average

                                       20


<PAGE>


selling prices.  In 1999 the largest  increase in unit volume came from sales of
CompactFlash  which  represented  61% of  product  revenues  and  MultiMediaCard
products  which  represented 7% of product  revenues.  A shift in product mix to
higher capacity cards in 1999 partially  offset a decline in the average selling
price per megabyte of capacity  shipped.  In 1999, the average megabyte capacity
per unit shipped  increased 65% while the average  selling price per megabyte of
flash  memory  shipped  declined  52%  compared  to the prior  year.  The mix of
products  sold  varies  from  quarter  to  quarter  and may vary in the  future,
affecting our overall average selling prices and gross margins.

      In 1998, our product  revenues were $103.2  million,  a decline of 2% from
$105.7  million in 1997.  The 1998  decrease  consisted  of an  increase in unit
shipments of 34% which was offset by a decline in average selling prices of 28%.
In 1998,  the largest  increase  in unit volume came from sales of  CompactFlash
products,  primarily for use in digital  cameras and other consumer  electronics
applications.  CompactFlash  products  represented  approximately 50% of product
revenues in 1998.

    SanDisk's  backlog at the end of 1999 was $157.2  million  compared to $13.4
million in 1998 and $18.6  million in 1997.  See "Factors That May Affect Future
Results - Our  Operating  Results May  Fluctuate  Significantly"  and "-There is
Seasonality in Our Business."

    LICENSE AND ROYALTY  REVENUES.  We  currently  earn patent  license fees and
royalties  under seven  cross-license  agreements  with Hitachi,  Intel,  Sharp,
Samsung,  SmartDisk,  SST and Toshiba.  License and royalty  revenue from patent
cross-license  agreements  was $41.2  million in 1999,  up from $32.6 million in
1998 and $19.6 million in 1997. The increase in license and royalty  revenues in
1999 was primarily due to an increase in patent royalty  revenues.  The increase
in license and royalty  revenues in 1998 was partially due to the recognition of
a full year of revenues under the Hitachi, Toshiba and Samsung agreements, which
were  entered  into in the third  quarter of 1997.  Revenues  from  licenses and
royalties were 17% of total revenues in 1999, 24% in 1998 and 16% in 1997.

    GROSS PROFITS.  In fiscal 1999, gross profits increased to $94.8 million, or
38.4% of total revenues from $55.5  million,  or 40.8% of total revenues in 1998
and $53.0 million,  or 42.3% of total  revenues in 1997. In 1999,  product gross
margins  increased to 26.1% of product revenues from 22.2% in 1998 primarily due
to the lower cost per  megabyte of our 256 megabit and 128 megabit  flash memory
products,  which began  shipping in volume in the second half of 1999. We expect
product  gross  margins to improve  from the 1999 level in the first  quarter of
2000 as we  transition  to our 256 megabit  technology  for the  majority of our
product sales.

    In 1998,  the growth in overall gross  profits  resulted from an increase in
license and royalty  revenues,  which was partially offset by a decline in gross
profit from product  sales.  Product gross  profits  declined as a percentage of
product  revenues to 22.2% in 1998  compared to 31.6% in 1997  primarily  due to
competitive pricing pressures.

    RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT.   Research  and  development   expenses  consist
principally of salaries and payroll related  expenses for design and development
engineers,  prototype supplies and contract  services.  Research and development
expenses increased to $26.9 million in 1999 from $18.2 million in 1998 and $13.6
million in 1997. As a percentage of revenues,  research and development expenses
represented  10.9% in 1999,  13.4% in 1998 and 10.8% in 1997.  In 1999 and 1998,
the  increase in research  and  development  expenses  was  primarily  due to an
increase in salaries and  payroll-related  expenses  associated  with additional
personnel and higher project related  expenses.  Increased  depreciation  due to
capital  equipment  additions  also  contributed  to the growth in research  and
development  expenses in both years. We expect research and development expenses
to continue to  increase,  in absolute  dollars and perhaps as a  percentage  of
revenue,  to support the  development  of new  generations of flash data storage
products,   including  the  proposed  512  megabit  and  1gigabit  flash  memory
co-development and manufacturing  joint venture with Toshiba. If we successfully
enter into a  definitive  agreement  with  Toshiba,  we expect  the  incremental
research  and  development  expenses  related to the Toshiba  joint  development
project to be in the range of $6.0 million to $8.0 million in fiscal 2000.

    SALES AND MARKETING.  Sales and marketing  expenses include salaries,  sales
commissions,  benefits and travel  expenses for our sales,  marketing,  customer
service and  applications  engineering  personnel.  These  expenses also include
other  selling  and  marketing  expenses,  such  as  independent  manufacturer's
representative  commissions,  advertising  and  tradeshow  expenses.  Sales  and
marketing expenses increased to $25.3 million in 1999 from $16.9 million in 1998
and $12.6  million in 1997.  The increase in 1999 was primarily due to increased
salaries and payroll

                                       21


<PAGE>


related  expenses  and  increased  commission  expenses  due to  higher  product
revenues and increased  marketing  expenses.  The increase in 1998 was primarily
due to increased  marketing and sales expenses related to the development of the
retail channel.  Increased salaries and payroll related expenses associated with
additional  personnel also  contributed  significantly  to the increase in 1998.
Sales  and  marketing  expenses  represented  10.2%  of total  revenues  in 1999
compared  to 12.5% in 1998 and  10.0% in 1997.  We expect  sales  and  marketing
expenses to increase as sales of our products grow and as we further develop the
retail channel for our products.

    GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  General and administrative expenses include the
cost  of  our  finance,   information  systems,  human  resources,   shareholder
relations,  legal  and  administrative  functions.  General  and  administrative
expenses  were $12.6  million in 1999  compared to $7.5 million in 1998 and $7.1
million in 1997.  The increase in 1999 was primarily due to higher  salaries and
payroll related expenses,  increased legal fees and an increase in the allowance
for  doubtful  accounts.  The  increase in 1998 was  primarily  due to increased
consulting  expenses  related  to  the  implementation  of  our  new  management
information  system and an  increase in the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts.
General and administrative  expenses  represented 5.1% of total revenues in 1999
compared to 5.5% in 1998 and 5.7% in 1997. We expect general and  administrative
expenses to increase as our general and administrative functions grow to support
our overall  growth.  General and  administrative  expenses  could also increase
substantially  in the future if we pursue  additional  litigation  to defend our
patent portfolio. See "Factors That May Affect Future Results - Risks Associated
with Patents, Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

    INTEREST  INCOME.  Interest income was $8.3 million in 1999 compared to $5.3
million in 1998 and $3.7 million in 1997.  The increase in 1999 is primarily due
to higher  interest  income in the fourth  quarter due to the  investment of the
proceeds  from the sale of common stock in our November  1999  follow-on  public
offering. The increase in 1998 is primarily due to higher investment balances as
a result of the  investment of the proceeds from the sale of common stock in our
November 1997 follow-on public offering.

    OTHER INCOME (LOSS) , NET. Other income (loss), net was $1.3 million in 1999
compared to $374,000 in 1998 and  ($1,000) in 1997.  The  increases  in 1999 and
1998 were primarily due to increased foreign currency  transaction gains of $1.1
million and $412,000, respectively.

    PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES. Our 1999, 1998 and 1997 effective tax rates were
approximately 33.0%, 36.0% and 15.0%, respectively.  Our 1999 effective tax rate
was lower than our 1998 rate due to benefits from federal and state tax credits.
Our  1998  tax  rate is  substantially  higher  than  our  1997  rate due to the
utilization of all remaining federal and state tax credit carryforwards in 1997.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As of December 31, 1999,  we had working  capital of $482.8  million,  which
included  $146.2  million in cash and cash  equivalents  and  $311.0  million in
short-term  investments.  Operating activities provided $17.0 million of cash in
1999 primarily from net income, an increase in accounts payable of $23.8 million
and an increase in accrued  liabilities of $23.7  million,  which were partially
offset by an increase  in  accounts  receivable  of $33.6  million,  as a direct
result of increased sales in the fourth quarter, and an increase in inventory of
$26.8  million  to  support  anticipated  levels of  growth.  Cash  provided  by
operations was $15.1 million in 1998 and $29.3 million in 1997.

    Net cash used in investing  activities  of $214.4  million in 1999  included
$21.4 million of capital equipment purchases and net purchases of investments of
$193.0 million. In 1998, net cash used in investing  activities of $23.0 million
consisted  of a second  investment  in the USIC foundry of $10.9  million,  $7.5
million of capital equipment  purchases and net purchases of investments of $4.6
million.  In 1997,  net cash used in  investing  activities  of  $108.9  million
consisted of net purchases of  investments  of $59.0  million,  an investment of
$40.3 in the USIC foundry and $9.6 million of capital equipment purchases.

    In 1999,  financing  activities  provided  $328.2  million of cash including
$320.3 million from the net proceeds of the sale of common stock in our November
1999  follow-on  stock  offering  and $7.9 million from the sale of common stock
through the SanDisk stock option and employee stock purchase plans. During 1998,
cash provided by financing  activities  of $2.4 million was  primarily  from the
sale of common stock through the SanDisk stock option

                                       22


<PAGE>


and employee stock purchase plans.  Financing  activities provided $81.2 million
of cash in 1997,  primarily  from the sale of common stock in our November  1997
follow-on stock offering.

    In October  1999, we entered into a nonbinding  memorandum of  understanding
with  Toshiba  providing  for the joint  development  and  manufacturing  of 512
megabit  and 1  gigabit  flash  memory  chips and  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card
controllers.  Further, we and Toshiba intend to form and fund a joint venture to
equip and operate a silicon wafer  manufacturing  line in Virginia.  The cost of
equipping  the Virginia  wafer  manufacturing  line is estimated at between $700
million and $800 million. We, as part of our 50% ownership of the joint venture,
expect  to invest up to $150  million  in cash,  and,  if  necessary,  guarantee
equipment lease lines for an additional $250 million.

    Depending on the demand for our products,  we may decide to make  additional
investments,  which could be  substantial,  in assembly  and test  manufacturing
equipment or foundry  capacity to support our business in the future.  We expect
operating  expenses  to  continue  to  increase  as a result of the need to hire
additional personnel to support expected growth in sales unit volumes, sales and
marketing  efforts  and  research  and  development  activities,  including  our
proposed  collaboration  with Toshiba providing for the joint development of 512
megabit and 1 gigabit flash memory chips.  We believe the existing cash and cash
equivalents and short-term  investments will be sufficient to meet our currently
anticipated  working capital and capital  expenditure  requirements for the next
twelve months.

    On January 3, 2000,  the USIC  foundry was merged  into UMC.  We  previously
invested $51.2 million in USIC. In exchange for our USIC shares, we received 111
million UMC shares.  These shares were valued at  approximately  $396 million at
the time of the merger, resulting in a pretax gain of $344 million ($204 million
after-tax). All the UMC shares we received as a result of the merger are subject
to  trading  restrictions  imposed  by UMC and the Taiwan  Stock  Exchange.  The
trading  restrictions will expire on one-half of the shares six months after the
date of the merger.  The remaining  shares will become available for sale over a
two year period  beginning in January 2002. When the shares are ultimately sold,
it is likely that we will report  additional  gains or losses.  To the extent we
can  liquidate  the UMC  shares,  we will plan to use such funds to support  our
operations and capital expenditures.

Impact of Currency Exchange Rates

    A portion of our revenues  are  denominated  in Japanese  Yen. We enter into
foreign exchange forward  contracts to hedge against changes in foreign currency
exchange  rates.  At December  31, 1999,  two forward  contracts  with  notional
amounts of $8.2 million were  outstanding.  Future  exchange  rate  fluctuations
could have a material  adverse effect on our business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

    In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement 133,
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,  which is required
to be adopted in years beginning after June 15, 2000. Because of our minimal use
of derivatives, we do not anticipate that the adoption of the new Statement will
have a significant effect on our earnings or financial position, however, we are
in the process of studying the actual impact.

Year 2000 Readiness Disclosure

    Year 2000 problems are the result of common computer programming  techniques
that result in systems that do not function  properly  when  manipulating  dates
later than December 31, 1999. The issue is complex and wide-ranging. The problem
may affect transaction  processing computer  applications we use for accounting,
distribution,  manufacturing,  planning and communications. The problem may also
affect embedded systems such as building security systems,  machine  controllers
and  production  testing  equipment.  Year 2000  problems with these systems may
affect the  ability or  efficiency  with which we can perform  many  significant
functions,  including  but not  limited  to order  processing  and  fulfillment,
material planning,  product assembly,  product testing,  invoicing and financial
reporting.  We have not to date  experienced any material impact in any of these
areas.  The Year 2000  problem  may also  affect  the  computer  systems  of our
suppliers and customers,  potentially  disrupting  their  operations.  Year 2000
problems with our business partners may impact our sources of supply and demand.

                                       23


<PAGE>


    Year 2000  Readiness.  We conducted a Year 2000 risk  management  program to
assess the impact of the Year 2000  issue on us, and to  coordinate  remediation
activities. We completed the evaluation of our products for Year 2000 compliance
in the third quarter of 1998. Our storage and connectivity  products are used as
components in a variety of host  systems.  The  firmware,  operating  system and
application  software of these host  systems are designed  and  manufactured  by
others.  We make no claim with regard to the Year 2000 readiness of host systems
designed by others in which our  products  are used.  In  addition,  independent
system designers make derivative works from our Host Developer's  Toolkit source
code product.  We make no claims with regard to the Year 2000  readiness of host
firmware and operating systems designed by others that contain  derivative works
of the Toolkit.

      The Year  2000  remediation  of our  transaction  processing  systems  was
completed with the  installation  and testing of our new management  information
system  in the  fourth  quarter  of 1998.  In the  second  quarter  of 1999,  we
completed  all  of  the  primary  elements  of  our  Year  2000  assessment  and
remediation  program for our principal hardware and software.  Tests of software
applications,  which  have  been  identified  by  their  vendors  as  Year  2000
compliant,  and several minor software upgrades were  successfully  completed in
the third quarter of 1999.

       Our assessment and remediation of Year 2000 problems in computer  systems
used for  facilities  control,  machine  control  and  manufacturing  testing is
complete.  We are phasing in new Year 2000 compliant wafer testing  equipment in
conjunction with the introduction of new generations of flash memory.

       Our  assessment  of  Year  2000  risks  related  to  material  suppliers,
customers  and other  third  parties  is  complete.  Inquiries  were made of all
critical  suppliers and an assessment of their Year 2000 readiness was the basis
for strategic  decisions regarding alternate material sourcing and/or increasing
inventory safety stocks. We also attempted to contact our significant  customers
regarding their Year 2000 readiness in order to understand the potential for any
disruptions in their ordering patterns.

    Year 2000 Risk Management  Program Costs.  The cost of the Year 2000 project
related to upgrading our core management  information  system was  approximately
$1.0  million,  $400,000  of which was related to the  purchase of software  and
hardware which was  capitalized.  Upgrading  application  software and replacing
non-compliant  personal  computer  systems  cost  an  additional  $175,000.  The
majority of these costs would have been incurred,  in spite of Year 2000 issues,
due to the  need to  upgrade  our  management  information  system,  application
software and personal computers to support our growth. Our Year 2000 remediation
projects  were  funded from  operating  cash flows.  No material  projects  were
deferred in order to complete our Year 2000 assessment and remediation projects.

     Risks Related to Year 2000  Readiness.  Success of our Year 2000 compliance
effort  depends,  in part,  on the success of our key suppliers and customers in
dealing  with  their  Year  2000  issues.  We do not have any  control  over the
remediation  efforts  of our  key  suppliers  and  customers  and  cannot  fully
determine  the extent to which  they have  resolved  their Year 2000  compliance
issues.  We currently  purchase several critical  components from single or sole
source vendors. While this issue is being carefully managed,  disruptions in the
supply of  components  from any of these sole source  suppliers due to Year 2000
issues,  could cause delays in our  fulfillment  of customer  orders which could
result in reduced or lost  revenues.  Furthermore,  our sales have  historically
been to a limited number of customers. Any disruption in the purchasing patterns
of these customers or potential  customers due to Year 2000 issues could cause a
decline in our  revenues.  If our key  suppliers  and  customers  have Year 2000
problems, our business could be harmed.



Factors That May Affect Future Results

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly which may adversely affect our
stock price.

       Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated  significantly
in the past and we expect that they will  continue to  fluctuate  in the future.
This fluctuation is a result of a variety of factors, including the following:

o        unpredictable demand for our products;

                                       24


<PAGE>


o        decline in the average selling prices of our products due to
         competitive pricing pressures;

o        seasonality in sales of our products;

o        adverse changes in product and customer mix;

o        slower than anticipated market acceptance of new or enhanced versions
         of our products;

o        competing flash memory card standards which displace the standards used
         in our products;

o        changes in our distribution channels;

o        timing of license and royalty revenue;

o        fluctuations in product costs, particularly due to fluctuations in
         manufacturing yields and utilization;

o        availability of sufficient silicon wafer foundry capacity to meet
         customer demand;

o        excess capacity of flash memory from our competitors and our own new
         flash wafer capacity;

o        significant yield losses which could affect our ability to fulfill
         customer orders and could increase our costs;

o        lengthening in manufacturing cycle times due to our suppliers operating
         at peak capacity;

o        increased research and development expenses;

o        exchange rate fluctuations, particularly the U.S. dollar to Japanese
         yen exchange rate;

o        changes in general economic conditions, in particular the economic
         recession in Japan;

o        natural disasters affecting the countries in which we conduct our
         business, particularly Taiwan, Japan and the United States;

o        difficulty of forecasting and management of inventory levels; and

o        expenses related to obsolescence of unsold inventory.

    Difficulty of estimating silicon wafer needs

    When we order  silicon  wafers from our  foundries,  we have to estimate the
number of silicon  wafers needed to fill product  orders several months into the
future. If we overestimate  this number, we will build excess  inventories which
could harm our gross margins and operating results.  For example,  in the second
quarter of 1998,  our  product  gross  margins  declined  to 12% from 30% in the
previous  quarter  due in part  to a write  down of  inventory  to  reflect  net
realizable  value.  If we  underestimate  the number of silicon wafers needed to
fill  product  orders,  we may be unable to obtain an adequate  supply of wafers
which could harm our product  revenues.  Because  our  largest  volume  product,
CompactFlash, is sold into an emerging consumer market, it has been difficult to
accurately forecast future sales. A substantial  majority of our quarterly sales
have  historically  been from orders received and fulfilled in the same quarter.
In addition, our product order backlog may fluctuate  substantially from quarter
to quarter.

    Anticipated growth in expense levels

    We  increased  our expense  levels in 1999 to support our growth.  We expect
operating  expenses  to  continue  to increase in fiscal 2000 as a result of the
need to hire  additional  personnel  to  support  expected  growth in sales unit
volumes,  sales and marketing  efforts and research and development  activities,
including our recently announced

                                       25


<PAGE>


collaboration  with Toshiba  providing for the joint  development of 512 megabit
and 1 gigabit flash memory chips.  For example in fiscal 2000,  the  incremental
research  and  development  expenses  related  to  the  proposed  Toshiba  joint
development project are expected to be in the range of $6 million to $8 million.
In addition,  we have significant fixed costs and we cannot readily reduce these
expenses  over the short term.  If revenues do not increase  proportionately  to
operating  expenses,  or if revenues  decrease or do not meet expectations for a
particular period, our business,  financial  condition and results of operations
will be harmed.

    Variability of average selling prices and gross margin

    Our product mix varies quarterly,  which affects our overall average selling
prices and gross margins. Our CompactFlash  products,  which currently represent
the majority of our product  revenues,  have lower  average  selling  prices and
gross margins than our higher  capacity  FlashDisk and FlashDrive  products.  We
believe  that sales of  CompactFlash  products  will  continue  to  represent  a
significant percentage of our product revenues as consumer applications, such as
digital cameras, become more popular. Dependence on CompactFlash sales, together
with lower pricing caused by increased competition,  caused average unit selling
prices to decline  22% during  fiscal  1999  compared to a decline of 28% during
fiscal 1998. We expect this trend to continue.

    Variability of license fees and royalties

    Our intellectual  property strategy is to cross-license our patents to other
manufacturers of flash products. Under these arrangements,  we earn license fees
and  royalties  on  individually   negotiated   terms.  The  timing  of  revenue
recognition  from these  payments is dependent on the terms of each contract and
on the timing of product shipments by the third parties.  This may cause license
and royalty revenues to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Because
these  revenues have higher gross margins than product  revenues,  gross margins
and net income  fluctuate  significantly  with  changes in license  and  royalty
revenues.

In  transitioning  to new processes and products,  we face production and market
acceptance risks.

    General

       Successive  generations of our products have  incorporated  semiconductor
devices with greater memory capacity per chip. Two important factors that enable
us to decrease the costs per megabyte of our flash data storage products are the
development of higher capacity  semiconductor  devices and the implementation of
smaller  geometry  manufacturing  processes.  A number  of  challenges  exist in
achieving a lower cost per megabyte, including:

o        overcoming lower yields often experienced in the early production of
         new semiconductor devices;

o        problems with design and manufacturing of products that will
         incorporate these devices; and

o        production delays.

    Because our products are complex,  we  periodically  experience  significant
delays in the development and volume production ramp up of our products. Similar
delays  could  occur  in the  future  and  could  harm our  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

    128 megabit technology

    We began shipments of 128 megabit products in the second quarter of 1999. In
the third  quarter of 1999, we  accelerated  the  production  ramp up of our 128
megabit flash memory  technology to meet increased  demand. In the third quarter
of 1999, during the production ramp up of our 128 megabit technology, lower than
anticipated yields  contributed to a decline in gross margins.  If we experience
unplanned yield problems on our 128 megabit  technology in the future, we may be
unable  to meet our  customers'  demand  for high  capacity  MultiMediaCard  and
CompactFlash  products which could result in lost sales and reduced revenues. In
addition,  our gross  margins may be harmed by any  problems we encounter in the
production of our 128 megabit flash memory. We plan to decrease

                                       26


<PAGE>


production of our 128 megabit  products in the second quarter of 2000 as we ramp
up production of our 256 megabit products.

    D2 flash technology

    We have  developed new products  based on D2 flash  technology,  a new flash
architecture  designed to store two bits in each flash memory cell. High density
flash memory,  such as D2 flash,  is a complex  technology  that requires strict
manufacturing  controls and effective test screens.  Problems encountered in the
shift to volume  production for new flash products could impact both reliability
and yields,  and result in  increased  manufacturing  costs and reduced  product
availability.  We may not be able to  manufacture  future  generations of our D2
products with yields sufficient to result in lower costs per megabyte. In fiscal
2000,  we  expect  to  increase  production  of our  256  megabit  flash  memory
technology, which has a lower cost per megabyte than the 128 megabit technology.
If we are unable to bring  future  generations  of our 256 megabit  flash memory
into full  production as quickly as planned or if we experience  unplanned yield
problems,  we will not be able to meet our customers'  forecasted demand,  which
would result in lost sales, reduced revenues and reduced margins.

    MultiMediaCard products

    We expect to increase the  MultiMediaCard  product family production volumes
in the first quarter of 2000.  This product  presents new challenges in assembly
and testing. In the third quarter of 1999, during the MultiMediaCard  production
startup   phase,   we   experienced   fluctuations   in  yields  which   reduced
MultiMediaCard product availability,  increased  manufacturing costs and reduced
product  margins  for this  product  family.  We are  currently  unable  to meet
customer  demand for  MultiMediaCard  products.  This is primarily due to demand
exceeding  previous  forecasts  from our customers and the lead time required to
adjust our levels of manufacturing to support changes in demand. We have not yet
achieved the production assembly yields necessary for high volume production.

    Secure Digital Memory Card products

    In the third  quarter of 1999,  we announced a memorandum  of  understanding
under which we,  along with  Matsushita  and Toshiba,  will jointly  develop and
promote the Secure  Digital  Memory Card.  The Secure  Digital Memory Card is an
enhanced version of our MultiMediaCard  that will incorporate  advanced security
and  copyright  protection  features  required by the  emerging  markets for the
electronic  distribution of music,  video and other copyrighted works. We expect
to begin  shipping our Secure Digital Memory Card products in the second quarter
of 2000.  Negotiations for a definitive  agreement concerning this collaboration
are  underway,  but we  cannot  assure  you  that  these  negotiations  will  be
successful  or that we,  Matsushita  and  Toshiba  will enter into a  definitive
agreement.

    The Secure  Digital  Memory Card will  incorporate a number of new features,
including  SDMI  compliant  security and copy  protection,  a  mechanical  write
protect  switch and a high data  transfer  rate.  We have never  built  products
incorporating these features. Any problems or delays in establishing  production
capabilities or ramping up production  volumes of our Secure Digital Memory Card
products could result in lost sales or increased manufacturing costs in 2000. In
addition,  we cannot be sure that manufacturers of consumer  electronic products
will develop new products that use the Secure Digital  Memory Card.  Conversely,
broad  acceptance  of our Secure  Digital  Memory Card by  consumers  may reduce
demand for our MultiMediaCard and CompactFlash card products. See "--The success
of our business depends on emerging markets and new products."

We depend on third party foundries for silicon wafers.

       All of our products  require silicon wafers.  We rely on UMC in Taiwan to
supply all of our silicon wafers.  We depend on UMC to allocate a portion of its
capacity  to our  needs,  produce  acceptable  quality  wafers  with  acceptable
manufacturing  yields and deliver our wafers on a timely basis at a  competitive
price. If UMC is unable to satisfy these requirements,  our business,  financial
condition and operating results may suffer. For example, in September 1999, both
UMC foundries  producing  our flash memory  wafers were damaged and  temporarily
shut down by an  earthquake  in Taiwan.  As a result,  approximately  10% of our
silicon  wafers in production at the time of the  earthquake had to be discarded
and no new wafers could be  manufactured  for 11 days,  resulting in the loss or
destruction  of a portion  of our  fourth  quarter  1999  wafer  supply.  Future
earthquakes, aftershocks or other natural

                                       27


<PAGE>


disasters  in Taiwan  could  preclude us from  obtaining  an adequate  supply of
wafers to fill  customer  orders,  and could  significantly  harm our  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

    Industry-wide  demand for semiconductor  wafers has increased  significantly
due to increased demand in the consumer  electronics and cellular phone markets.
Increased demand for advanced  technology silicon wafers is increasing the price
of these wafers as supply becomes constrained.  We expect this trend to continue
throughout 2000 which could adversely impact the rate of growth of our business,
either through reduced supply, higher wafer prices or a combination of the two.

     In January 2000,  the USIC foundry was merged into UMC.  Before the merger,
we owned 10% of USIC,  had the right to appoint  one of its  directors  and were
entitled to 12.5% of its total wafer  production.  As a result of the merger, we
received UMC shares in exchange for our USIC shares. However, we will not have a
right to a seat on the  board of  directors  of the  combined  company.  We have
received  assurances  from  the  senior  management  of UMC that it  intends  to
continue to supply us the same wafer  capacity at the prices we currently  enjoy
under our agreement with USIC.  However,  there can be no assurance that we will
be  able  to  maintain  our  current  wafer  capacity  and  competitive  pricing
arrangement in our future supply negotiations with UMC.

    Under the terms of our wafer supply agreements with UMC, we are obligated to
provide a rolling  forecast  of  anticipated  purchase  orders  for the next six
calendar  months.  Generally,  the  estimates for the first three months of each
forecast are binding  commitments.  The estimates  for the remaining  months may
only be changed by a certain percentage from the previous month's forecast. This
limits our  ability to react to  fluctuations  in demand for our  products.  For
example,  if  customer  demand  falls  below our  forecast  and we are unable to
reschedule  or  cancel  our  wafer  orders,  we may  end up  with  excess  wafer
inventories,  which could result in higher operating  expenses and reduced gross
margins.  Conversely, if customer demand exceeds our forecasts, we may be unable
to obtain an  adequate  supply of wafers to fill  customer  orders,  which could
result in dissatisfied customers, lost sales and lower revenues. In addition, in
February 2000, we entered into a capacity and reservation deposit agreement with
UMC. To reserve additional foundry capacity under this agreement,  we paid UMC a
reservation  deposit.  This deposit will be refunded to us on a quarterly basis,
over the agreement term, if we purchase the full wafer capacity reserved for us.
We may  forfeit  part of our  deposit if we are unable to utilize  our  reserved
capacity within four quarters of the end of the agreement term. If we are unable
to obtain  scheduled  quantities of wafers with acceptable price and yields from
any foundry,  our business,  financial condition and results of operations could
be harmed.

The success of our business depends on emerging markets and new products.

     In order for demand for our products to grow,  the markets for new products
that use  CompactFlash  and the  MultiMediaCard,  such as portable digital music
players and smart phones,  must develop and grow. If sales of these  products do
not grow, our revenues and profit margins could level off or decline.

     Because  we sell  our  products  for use in many  new  applications,  it is
difficult to forecast demand.  For example,  in 1999, demand for our 32 megabyte
capacity  MultiMediaCard  for use in portable  digital music players grew faster
than  anticipated  and we were  unable to fill all  customer  orders  during the
quarter. Although we are increasing production of the MultiMediaCard,  if we are
unable to fulfill customer demand for these products in the future,  we may lose
sales to our competitors.

      Secure Digital Memory Card products

    In the third  quarter of 1999, we announced a  collaboration  under which we
will jointly develop our Secure Digital Memory Card, an enhanced  version of our
MultiMediaCard,   which  will  incorporate   advanced   security  and  copyright
protection  features  required  by  the  emerging  markets  for  the  electronic
distribution  of music,  video and other  copyrighted  works. We expect to begin
shipping our Secure Digital Memory Cards in 32 and 64 megabyte capacities in the
second quarter of 2000.  The Secure Digital Memory Card is slightly  thicker and
uses  a  different   interface  than  our   MultiMediaCard.   Because  of  these
differences,  the Secure Digital  Memory Card will not work in current  products
that  include a  MultiMediaCard  slot.  In order for the  market  for our Secure
Digital  Memory  Card to  develop,  manufacturers  of  digital  audio/video  and
portable computing products must include a Secure Digital Memory Card compatible
slot in their products and acquire a license to the security algorithms. If OEMs
do not

                                       28


<PAGE>


incorporate Secure Digital Memory Card slots in their products or do not buy our
Secure Digital Memory Cards,  our business,  financial  condition and results of
operations  may be harmed.  In addition,  consumers  may postpone or  altogether
forego buying products that utilize our MultiMediaCard and CompactFlash cards in
anticipation  of new products that will  incorporate  the Secure  Digital Memory
Card. If this occurs, sales of our MultiMediaCard and CompactFlash  products may
be harmed.  The main  competition for the Secure Digital Memory Card is expected
to come from the Sony Memory Stick. Sony has substantially greater financial and
other resources than we do and extensive  marketing and sales channels and brand
recognition.  We cannot assure you that our Secure  Digital  Memory Card will be
successful in the face of such competition.

     In addition,  the market for portable digital music players is very new and
it is uncertain how quickly consumer demand for these players will grow. If this
market  does  not  grow as  quickly  as  anticipated  or our  customers  are not
successful in selling  their  portable  digital music players to consumers,  our
revenues could be adversely affected. In addition, it is often the case with new
consumer  markets  that after an  initial  period of new  market  formation  and
initial acceptance by early adopters,  the market enters a period of slow growth
as standards emerge and infrastructure  develops.  In the event that this occurs
in the portable digital music player market or other emerging markets,  sales of
our products would be harmed.

    The  success of our new  product  strategy  will  depend  upon,  among other
things, the following:

o       our ability to  successfully  develop new  products  with higher  memory
        capacities and enhanced features at a lower cost per megabyte;

o       the development of new applications or markets for our flash data
        storage products;

o       the extent to which prospective customers design our products into their
        products and successfully introduce their products; and

o       the extent to which our  products  or  technologies  become  obsolete or
        noncompetitive due to products or technologies developed by others.

    512 megabit and 1 gigabit scale flash memory card products

    In October  1999, we entered into a nonbinding  memorandum of  understanding
with Toshiba  providing for the joint development and manufacture of 512 megabit
and 1 gigabit flash memory chips and Secure Digital Memory Card controllers.  As
part of this  proposed  collaboration,  we and Toshiba plan to employ  Toshiba's
future 0.16 micron and 0.13 micron NAND flash integrated  circuit  manufacturing
technology and SanDisk's multilevel cell flash and controller system technology.
The  development  of 512 megabit  and 1 gigabit  flash  memory  chips and Secure
Digital Memory Card  controllers  is expected to be complex and may  incorporate
SanDisk and Toshiba technology that is still under development. We cannot assure
you that we and Toshiba  will  successfully  develop  these new  products or the
underlying technology,  or that any development will be completed in a timely or
cost-effective  manner.  If we are  not  successful  in any  of the  above,  our
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.

We may be unable to maintain market share.

    We may be unable to increase our production  volumes at a sufficiently rapid
rate so as to maintain our market share. Ultimately,  our growth rate depends on
our ability to obtain  sufficient  flash memory  wafers and other  components to
meet demand.  If we are unable to do so in a timely  manner,  we may lose market
share to our competitors.  Currently, our supply constraints are forcing some of
our largest  customers to seek alternate sources of supply to meet their growing
flash memory product needs.

                                       29


<PAGE>


Our selling  prices may be affected by future excess  capacity in the market for
flash memory products.

    Currently  industry  wide demand for flash  memory  products far exceeds the
available  supply.  This is  primarily  driven by an  explosion in the growth of
cellular phones and internet  appliances and the accelerating  shift in consumer
electronics  from analog to digital  devices.  This strong demand had manifested
itself in improved  bookings  visibility and a more stable pricing  environment.
All major flash memory  suppliers,  including  SanDisk,  are  responding to this
strong demand by  significantly  increasing  investments  in new advanced  flash
memory production  capacity due to the broadly held assumption that our industry
is entering a prolonged  growth phase which will be able to absorb the new flash
production output. If this assumption should prove to be erroneous, or if one or
several of our target markets experience delays in anticipated growth, there may
be excess  supply in market for our  products.  This  excess  capacity,  even if
temporary in nature,  could cause average selling prices to drop  significantly,
thereby  adversely  impacting our product gross margins and operating results in
future quarters.

Our  international  operations  make us  vulnerable to changing  conditions  and
currency fluctuations.

    Political risks

    Currently,  all of our flash memory wafers are produced by two UMC foundries
in Taiwan.  We also use a third-party  subcontractor  in Taiwan for the assembly
and testing of our MultiMediaCard  products. We may therefore be affected by the
political,  economic  and  military  conditions  in Taiwan.  Taiwan is currently
engaged  in  various  political  disputes  with  China and both  countries  have
recently conducted military exercises in or near the other's  territorial waters
and airspace.  The Taiwanese  and Chinese  governments  may continue to escalate
these  disputes,  resulting in an economic  embargo,  a  disruption  in shipping
routes  or  even  military   hostilities.   This  could  harm  our  business  by
interrupting  or delaying the  production  or shipment of flash memory wafers or
MultiMediaCard products by our Taiwanese foundries and subcontractor. See "-- We
depend on our suppliers and third party subcontractors."

    In addition,  in the second  quarter of 1999,  we began using a  third-party
subcontractor  in  China  for  the  assembly  and  testing  of our  CompactFlash
products.  As a result, our business could be harmed by the effect of political,
economic,  legal and other uncertainties in China. Under its current leadership,
the Chinese government has been pursuing economic reform policies, including the
encouragement   of  foreign   trade  and   investment   and   greater   economic
decentralization.  The  Chinese  government  may not  continue  to pursue  these
policies and, even if it does  continue,  these  policies may not be successful.
The Chinese government may also significantly  alter these policies from time to
time. In addition,  China does not  currently  have a  comprehensive  and highly
developed  legal  system,   particularly  with  respect  to  the  protection  of
intellectual  property rights.  As a result,  enforcement of existing and future
laws and contracts is uncertain,  and the  implementation  and interpretation of
such laws may be  inconsistent.  Such  inconsistency  could  lead to piracy  and
degradation of our intellectual property protection.

    Economic risks

    We price our products  primarily in U.S. dollars.  As a result, if the value
of the U.S. dollar increases relative to foreign currencies,  our products could
become less competitive in international  markets. For example, our products are
relatively  more  expensive  in Asia  because  of the  weakness  of  many  Asian
currencies relative to the US dollar. In addition,  we currently invoice some of
our  customers  in Japanese  yen.  Therefore,  fluctuations  in the Japanese yen
against the U.S. dollar could harm our business, financial condition and results
of  operations.  Similarly,  the weakness of the Euro may make our products less
competitive in Europe relative to Japanese flash memory suppliers.

    Our sales are also highly  dependent  upon global  economic  conditions.  In
fiscal 1998,  sales to Japan declined to 31.6% of total product sales from 38.1%
in 1997.  In 1999,  sales to Japan  represented  22.4% of  product  revenue.  We
believe these declines were primarily due to the Japanese recession.

    General risks

Our international  business activities could also be limited or disrupted by any
of the following factors:

o        the need to comply with foreign government regulation;

                                       30


<PAGE>



o       general  geopolitical risks such as political and economic  instability,
        potential hostilities and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;

o       natural disasters affecting the countries in which we conduct our
        business, particularly Taiwan and Japan;

o       imposition of regulatory requirements, tariffs, import and export
        restrictions and other barriers and restrictions, particularly in China;

o       longer  payment  cycles and greater  difficulty  in accounts  receivable
        collection,  particularly  as we increase  our sales  through the retail
        distribution channel;

o        potentially adverse tax consequences;

o        less protection of our intellectual property rights; and

o        delays in product shipments due to local customs restrictions.


We depend on our suppliers and third party subcontractors.

    We rely on our vendors, some of which are sole source suppliers, for several
of our critical components. We do not have long-term supply agreements with some
of these vendors. Our business,  financial condition and operating results could
be harmed by delays or  reductions  in  shipments  if we are  unable to  develop
alternative  sources or obtain sufficient  quantities of these  components.  For
example,  we rely on UMC for all of our flash memory  wafers.  and NEC to supply
certain  designs of  microcontrollers.  In September  1999,  both UMC  foundries
producing our flash memory wafers were damaged and  temporarily  shut down by an
earthquake in Taiwan.  In addition,  due to industry-wide  increasing demand for
semiconductors, we have recently experienced resistance to price reductions from
some of our important  suppliers.  See "--We depend on third party foundries for
silicon wafers." In addition,  we have begun to experience long order lead times
on standard  components due to high industry  demand.  Shortages of any of these
standard components could result in higher manufacturing costs or lower revenues
due to  production  delays or reduced  product  shipments.  Additionally,  where
possible  we are  building  buffer  inventories  of critical  components.  If we
accumulate  excess  inventories or these buffer  inventories  become obsolete we
will have to write  down  inventories  which  will  adversely  affect  our gross
margins and results of operations.

    We also rely on third-party  subcontractors  to assemble and test the memory
components  for  our  products.  We  have  no  long-term  contracts  with  these
subcontractors  and cannot directly  control product  delivery  schedules.  This
could lead to  product  shortages  or quality  assurance  problems  which  could
increase the manufacturing costs of our products and have adverse effects on our
operating results.

    During the second half of 1999,  we  transferred  a  substantial  portion of
wafer testing,  packaged memory final testing, card assembly and card testing to
Silicon Precision  Industries Co., Ltd. in Taiwan and Celestica,  Inc. in China.
In fiscal 2000, we expect that they will be assembling and testing a majority of
our mature,  high-volume products.  This increased reliance on subcontractors is
expected  to  reduce  manufacturing  costs  and  give  us  access  to  increased
production  capacity.  During  the  transition  period,  we will  continue  full
operations   at  our  Sunnyvale   production   facility   while   simultaneously
transferring  test  equipment  and  training  personnel  of our  subcontractors.
However, we do not have sufficient  duplicative  production testing equipment at
Sunnyvale and at our subcontractors. Therefore, any significant problems in this
complex  transfer of operations  may result in a disruption of production  and a
shortage  of  product  to meet  customer  demand in the  first  half of 2000 and
beyond.

Continuing  declines in our average  sales  prices may result in declines in our
gross margins.

     In 1999,  the average  unit  selling  prices of our  products  declined 22%
compared to 1998. In 1999, the average price per megabyte  shipped  declined 52%
compared to 1998. Because flash data storage markets are characterized

                                       31


<PAGE>


by intense  competition  and price  reductions for our products are necessary to
meet consumer price points, we expect that market-driven  pricing pressures will
continue.  This will likely result in a further  decline in average sales prices
for our products.  We believe that we can offset declining  average sales prices
by achieving  manufacturing  cost  reductions  and  developing new products that
incorporate more advanced technology,  include more advanced features and can be
sold at stable  average  gross  margins  despite  continued  declines in average
selling  price per  megabyte.  However,  if we are unable to  achieve  such cost
reductions  and  technological  advances,  this  could  result in lost sales and
declining gross margins, and as a result, our business,  financial condition and
results of operations could suffer.

    The  semiconductor  industry is cyclical and we believe it is currently in a
recovery from one of its most severe down cycles.  During most of 1997 and 1998,
the semiconductor  industry  experienced  significant  production over capacity,
which reduced margins for substantially  all flash memory  suppliers.  Currently
the markets for our products are supply  constrained and our selling prices have
stayed  relatively  stable.  There  can be no  assurance  that this  trend  will
continue throughout 2000.

Our markets are highly competitive.

      Flash memory manufacturers and memory card assemblers

    We compete  in an  industry  characterized  by  intense  competition,  rapid
technological  changes,  evolving industry standards,  declining average selling
prices  and rapid  product  obsolescence.  Our  competitors  include  many large
domestic and international  companies that have greater access to advanced wafer
foundry capacity,  substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing and
other resources,  broader product lines and longer standing  relationships  with
customers. Our primary competitors include:

o       storage flash chip producers, such as Hitachi Ltd., Samsung Electronics
        Company Ltd. and Toshiba Corporation;

o       socket flash, linear flash and component manufacturers, such as Advanced
        Micro Devices,  Inc., Atmel  Corporation,  Intel  Corporation,  Macronix
        International Co., Ltd., Micron Technology,  Inc., Mitsubishi Electronic
        Corporation,  Sharp Electronics  Corporation and  STMicroelectronics NV;
        and

o       module or card assemblers,  such as Lexar Media, Inc., M-Systems,  Inc.,
        Pretec  Electronics  Corp.,  Simple  Technology Inc., Sony  Corporation,
        Kingston  Technology  Company,  Panasonic Consumer  Electronic  Company,
        Silicon Storage Technology,  Inc., TDK Corporation,  Matsushita Battery,
        Inc. Delkin Devices, Inc., Silicon Tek and Viking Components,  Inc., who
        combine  controllers  and flash  memory  chips  developed by others into
        flash storage cards.

In  addition,  over  25  companies  have  been  certified  by  the  CompactFlash
Association to manufacture and sell their own brand of CompactFlash.  We believe
additional manufacturers will enter the CompactFlash market in the future.

    We have announced a memorandum of understanding  under which we,  Matsushita
and Toshiba will jointly develop and promote a next generation flash memory card
called the Secure  Digital  Memory Card.  Under this  agreement,  Secure Digital
Memory Card licenses  will be granted to other flash memory card  manufacturers,
which  will  increase  the  competition  for our  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card,
CompactFlash and MultiMediaCard  products.  In addition,  Matsushita and Toshiba
will sell  Secure  Digital  Memory  Cards that will  compete  directly  with our
products.  While other flash card  manufacturers  will be required to pay the SD
Association  license fees and royalties which will be shared between Matsushita,
Toshiba and SanDisk.  There will be no  royalties or license fees payable  among
the three  companies for their  respective  sales of the Secure  Digital  Memory
Card. Thus we will forfeit  potential  royalty income from Secure Digital Memory
Card sales by Matsushita and Toshiba.

    In October  1999, we entered into a nonbinding  memorandum of  understanding
with Toshiba  providing for the joint development and manufacture of 512 megabit
and 1 gigabit flash memory chips and Secure Digital Memory Card controllers.  We
and Toshiba  will each  separately  market and sell any products  developed  and
manufactured

                                       32


<PAGE>


under this relationship.  Accordingly, we will compete directly with Toshiba for
sales of these advanced chips and controllers.

    We have entered  into patent  cross-license  agreements  with several of our
leading competitors including, Hitachi, Samsung, Toshiba, Intel and Sharp. Under
these agreements,  each party may manufacture and sell products that incorporate
technology covered by the other party's patents related to flash memory devices.
As we continue to license our patents to certain of our competitors, competition
will  increase and may harm our  business,  financial  condition  and results of
operations.  Currently we are engaged in licensing  discussions  with several of
our  competitors.  There  can be no  assurance  that we will  be  successful  in
concluding licensing agreements under terms which are favorable to us.

    Alternative storage media

    Competing products have been introduced that promote industry standards that
are different  from our  CompactFlash  and  MultiMediaCard  products,  including
Toshiba's  SmartMedia,  Sony Corporation's  Memory Stick, Sony's standard floppy
disk used for digital storage in its Mavica digital  cameras,  Panasonic's  Mega
Storage cards, Iomega's Clik drive, a miniaturized,  mechanical,  removable disk
drive and M-Systems' Diskonchip for embedded storage applications and the Secure
MultiMediaCard   from  Hitachi  and  Infineon.   Each   competing   standard  is
mechanically   and    electronically    incompatible   with   CompactFlash   and
MultiMediaCard.   If  a  manufacturer  of  digital  cameras  or  other  consumer
electronic  devices  designs in one of these  alternative  competing  standards,
CompactFlash or MultiMediaCard will be eliminated from use in that product.

    In September 1998, IBM introduced the microdrive, a rotating disk drive in a
Type II CompactFlash  format.  This product  competes  directly with our Type II
CompactFlash memory cards, for use in high-end  professional digital cameras. In
October 1998,  M-Systems  introduced  their  Diskonchip 2000 Millennium  product
which  competes   against  our  Flash  ChipSet   products  in  embedded  storage
applications such as set top boxes and networking appliances.

    According to  independent  industry  analysts,  Sony's Mavica digital camera
captured a considerable  portion of the United States market for digital cameras
in 1998 and 1999. The Mavica uses a standard floppy disk to store digital images
and  therefore  uses no  CompactFlash,  or any  other  flash  cards.  Our  sales
prospects for CompactFlash  cards have been adversely impacted by the success of
the Mavica.  Recently, Sony has shifted its focus to the use of its flash Memory
Stick in its latest digital camera models.

    Our  MultiMediaCard  products also have faced  significant  competition from
Toshiba's  SmartMedia  flash cards and we expect to face  similarly  significant
competition from Sony's Memory Stick.  Sony has licensed its proprietary  memory
stick to other companies. If it is adopted and achieves widespread use in future
products,  sales of our  MultiMediaCard  and CompactFlash  products may decline.
Recently,  Hitachi,  Infineon,  Sanyo and Fujitsu  have  proposed  their  Secure
MultiMediaCard  which provides the copy protection  function that is included in
our Secure  Digital  Memory Card.  Should this  initiative  gain  industry  wide
acceptance,  it may reduce the widespread  adoption of the Secure Digital Memory
Card.

    Alternative flash technologies

    We also face  competition  from  products  based on  multilevel  cell  flash
technology  such as Intel's 64 megabit  and 128  megabit  StrataFlash  chips and
Hitachi's 256 megabit  multilevel cell flash chip.  These products  compete with
our  D2  multilevel   cell  flash   technology.   Multilevel  cell  flash  is  a
technological innovation that allows each flash memory cell to store two bits of
information  instead  of the  traditional  single  bit  stored  by the  industry
standard flash technology.  In the second quarter of 1999, Intel announced their
new 128 megabit multilevel cell chip and Hitachi began shipping customer samples
of  CompactFlash  cards  employing  their new  multilevel  cell flash  chip.  In
addition,  Toshiba has begun customer shipments of 32 megabyte  SmartMedia cards
employing  their  new  256  megabit  flash  chip.   Although   Toshiba  has  not
incorporated  multilevel cell flash  technology in their 256 megabit flash chip,
their use of more advanced lithographic design rules may allow them to achieve a
more competitive cost structure than that of our 256 megabit D2 flash chip.

                                       33


<PAGE>


    Furthermore,  we expect to face  competition  from existing  competitors and
from other  companies  that may enter our  existing or future  markets that have
similar  or  alternative  data  storage  solutions  which may be less  costly or
provide  additional  features.  Price is an important  competitive factor in the
market for consumer  products.  Increased  price  competition  could lower gross
margins if our average  selling prices  decrease faster than our costs and could
also result in lost sales.

Our business depends upon consumer products.

    In 1999, we received more product revenue and shipped more units of products
destined for consumer  electronics  applications,  principally  digital cameras,
than for any other  application.  We believe that these  products will encounter
intense  competition  and be more price  sensitive  than  products sold into our
other target markets. In addition, we must spend more on marketing and promotion
in consumer markets to establish brand name recognition and preference.

    A significant  portion of sales to the consumer  electronics  market is made
through  distributors and to retailers.  Sales through these channels  typically
include  rights to return  unsold  inventory.  As a result,  we do not recognize
revenue  until  after  the  product  has  been  sold  to the  end  user.  If our
distributors  and  retailers are not  successful in this market,  there could be
substantial product returns, which would harm our business,  financial condition
and results of operations.

Sales to a small  number of  customers  represent a  significant  portion of our
revenues.

    More than half of our revenues  come from a small number of  customers.  For
example, sales to our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 57%, 59%, and
67%,  respectively,  of our product revenues for 1999, 1998, and 1997. In fiscal
1999 one customer  accounted for more than 10% of product sales.  In fiscal year
1998, two customers  each accounted for 10% or more of our product sales.  If we
were to lose any of these  customers or  experience  any  material  reduction in
orders from these  customers,  our revenues and operating  results would suffer.
Our sales are generally made by standard  purchase  orders rather than long-term
contracts.  In addition, the composition of our major customer base changes from
year to year as the market demand for our customers' products change.

Our multiple sales channels may compete for a limited number of customer sales.

    Web based sales of our products today  represent a small but growing portion
of our overall  sales.  Sales on the Internet  tend to undercut the  traditional
distribution  channels and may dramatically change the way our consumer products
are  purchased in future years.  We cannot assure you that we will  successfully
manage the inherent channel  conflicts  between our retail channel customers and
customers that wish to purchase directly on the Internet.

There is seasonality in our business.

    Sales of our products,  in particular the sale of CompactFlash  products, in
the consumer electronics applications market may be subject to seasonality. As a
result,  product  sales may be  impacted by seasonal  purchasing  patterns  with
higher sales  generally  occurring in the second half of each year. In addition,
in the past we have  experienced  a decrease in orders in the first quarter from
our Japanese OEM customers  primarily because most customers in Japan operate on
a fiscal year ending in March and prefer to delay  purchases until the beginning
of their next fiscal year. For example,  our product  revenues were 24% lower in
the first  quarter  of 1998 than in the fourth  quarter  of 1997,  mostly due to
these seasonal factors..  Although we did not experience this seasonality in the
first  quarter of 1999 and are not able to fulfill all demand from our  Japanese
customers in the first  quarter of 2000,  we cannot  assure you that we will not
experience seasonality in the future.

We must achieve acceptable wafer manufacturing yields.

    The  fabrication of our products  requires wafers to be produced in a highly
controlled and ultra clean environment.  Semiconductor companies that supply our
wafers  sometimes  have   experienced   problems   achieving   acceptable  wafer
manufacturing yields.  Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a function of both
our design

                                       34


<PAGE>


technology and the foundry's  manufacturing  process technology.  Low yields may
result from design errors or manufacturing  failures.  Yield problems may not be
determined or improved until an actual  product is made and can be tested.  As a
result,  yield problems may not be identified until the wafers are well into the
production process. The risks associated with yields are even greater because we
rely on independent offshore foundries for our wafers which increases the effort
and time  required to  identify,  communicate  and resolve  manufacturing  yield
problems.  If the foundries cannot achieve the planned yields,  this will result
in higher costs and reduced product  availability,  and could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

    Under the terms of our nonbinding  memorandum of understanding with Toshiba,
we and Toshiba will jointly form and fund a joint  venture  which will equip and
operate a silicon  wafer  manufacturing  line in  Virginia  to  manufacture  512
megabit  and 1  gigabit  flash  memory  chips and  Secure  Digital  Memory  Card
controllers.  However,  we cannot assure you that this  manufacturing  line will
produce satisfactory quantities of wafers with acceptable prices and yields. Any
failure in this regard could materially harm our business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.  In addition,  the construction and operation of this
line will cause us to incur significant  expense and may result in the diversion
of resources from other important  areas of business.  We cannot assure you that
we or  Toshiba  will  be able to  secure  sufficient  funding  to  support  this
manufacturing  line.  In addition,  we have no  experience  in operating a wafer
manufacturing  line  and we  cannot  assure  you that we will be  successful  in
operating it on a cost-effective basis or at all.

Risks associated with patents, proprietary rights and related litigation.

    General

    We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks,  copyright and trade secret
laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and  licensing  arrangements  to protect our
intellectual  property rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant
disputes  regarding our  intellectual  property rights and claims that we may be
infringing third parties' intellectual property rights. We expect that we may be
involved in similar disputes in the future. We cannot assure you that:

o       any of our existing patents will not be invalidated;

o       patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;

o       any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have
        sufficient scope or strength;

o       our patents will be issued in the primary  countries  where our products
        are  sold in  order to  protect  our  rights  and  potential  commercial
        advantage; or

o       any of our products may infringe on the patents of other companies.

In addition,  our  competitors  may be able to design their products  around our
patents.

    We intend to  vigorously  enforce our patents but we cannot be sure that our
efforts  will  be  successful.  If we were to  have  an  adverse  result  in any
litigation,  we  could  be  required  to  pay  substantial  damages,  cease  the
manufacture,  use and sale of infringing products,  expend significant resources
to develop non-infringing  technology,  discontinue the use of certain processes
or obtain  licenses to the  infringing  technology.  Any litigation is likely to
result  in  significant  expense  to us, as well as divert  the  efforts  of our
technical and management  personnel.  For example the Lexar litigation described
below has  resulted in  cumulative  litigation  expenses of  approximately  $1.3
million.

    Cross-licenses and indemnification obligations

    If we decide to incorporate  third party  technology into our products or if
we are found to infringe on others' intellectual  property, we could be required
to license intellectual property from a third party. We may also need to license
some of our  intellectual  property  to  others  in order to enable us to obtain
cross-licenses to third party patents.  Currently,  we have patent cross-license
agreements with several companies, including Hitachi, Intel, Samsung, Sharp

                                       35


<PAGE>


and Toshiba and we are in discussions with other companies  regarding  potential
cross-license  agreements.  We cannot be certain that  licenses  will be offered
when we need them, or that the terms offered will be acceptable. If we do obtain
licenses from third  parties,  we may be required to pay license fees or royalty
payments. In addition, if we are unable to obtain a license that is necessary to
the manufacture of our products, we could be required to suspend the manufacture
of products or stop our wafer  suppliers from using  processes that may infringe
the rights of third parties. We cannot assure you that we would be successful in
redesigning our products or that the necessary  licenses will be available under
reasonable terms.

    We have historically agreed to indemnify various suppliers and customers for
alleged patent  infringement.  The scope of such indemnity  varies,  but may, in
some  instances,  include  indemnification  for damages and expenses,  including
attorney's fees. We may  periodically  engage in litigation as a result of these
indemnification   obligations.   We  are  not  currently  engaged  in  any  such
indemnification  proceedings.  Our insurance policies exclude coverage for third
party claims for patent  infringement.  Any future  obligation  to indemnify our
customers or suppliers could harm our business,  financial  condition or results
of operations.

    Litigation risks associated with our intellectual property

    From time to time, it may be necessary to initiate  litigation against third
parties to preserve our  intellectual  property  rights.  These parties could in
turn bring suit against us. For  example,  in March 1998 we filed a complaint in
federal  court against Lexar Media,  Inc. for  infringement  of one of our flash
card patents. Lexar disputed this claim and asserted that our patent was invalid
or unenforceable,  as well as asserting various  counterclaims  including unfair
competition,  violation  of the Lanham Act,  patent  misuse,  interference  with
prospective  economic advantage,  trade defamation and fraud. We have denied all
of these  counterclaims.  In July 1998, the court denied Lexar's request to have
the case dismissed. Discovery in this suit began in August 1998. On February 22,
1999,  the court  considered  arguments  and  papers  submitted  by the  parties
regarding  the scope and proper  interpretation  of the  asserted  claims in our
patent at issue in the Lexar suit. On March 4, 1999, the court issued its ruling
on the proper  construction of the claim terms in our patent.  On July 30, 1999,
we filed a motion for partial summary  judgment that Lexar  CompactFlash  and PC
Cards  contributorily  infringe  our  patent.  Lexar  filed a motion for summary
judgement  that our patent is invalid in view of prior art. A hearing on both of
these  motions  was held on March  17,  2000.  Both  matters  were  taken  under
submission  by the  court  and we are  waiting  for the  court's  order  on both
motions.  In August 1999, we had a mandatory  settlement  meeting with Lexar. No
settlement was reached through this meeting. A trial date has not yet been set.

Our rapid growth may strain our operations.

    We are currently  experiencing rapid growth, which has placed, and continues
to  place,  a  significant  strain on our  personnel  and  other  resources.  To
accommodate this growth,  we must continue to hire,  train,  motivate and manage
our employees. We are having difficulty hiring the necessary engineering,  sales
and  marketing  personnel  to support our growth.  In  addition,  we must make a
significant  investment in our existing internal information  management systems
to support increased  manufacturing,  as well as accounting and other management
related functions.  Our systems,  procedures and controls may not be adequate to
support  our rapid  growth,  which  could in turn harm our  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

Our success depends on key personnel, including our executive officers, the loss
of whom could disrupt our business.

    Our success  greatly  depends on the continued  contributions  of our senior
management  and  other  key  research  and  development,  sales,  marketing  and
operations personnel, including Dr. Eli Harari, our founder, President and Chief
Executive  Officer.  Our  success  will also  depend on our  ability  to recruit
additional  highly  skilled  personnel.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will be
successful  in hiring or retaining  such key  personnel,  or that any of our key
personnel will remain employed with us.

                                       36


<PAGE>


Anti-takeover  provisions in our charter documents,  stockholder rights plan and
in  Delaware  law could  prevent or delay a change in control  and, as a result,
negatively impact our stockholders.

    We have taken a number of actions that could have the effect of discouraging
a takeover attempt.  For example, we have adopted a stockholder rights plan that
would cause substantial  dilution to a stockholder who attempts to acquire us on
terms not approved by our board of directors.  In addition,  our  certificate of
incorporation  grants the board of  directors  the  authority to fix the rights,
preferences  and  privileges  of and issue up to  4,000,000  shares of preferred
stock without stockholder action. Although we have no present intention to issue
shares of preferred  stock,  such an issuance could have the effect of making it
more  difficult and less  attractive  for a third party to acquire a majority of
our  outstanding  voting  stock.  Preferred  stock may also have  other  rights,
including  economic rights senior to the common stock that could have a material
adverse  effect on the market value of the common  stock.  In  addition,  we are
subject to the  anti-takeover  provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation  Law. This section  provides that a corporation  shall not engage in
any business  combination with any interested  stockholder during the three-year
period  following  the  time  that  such   stockholder   becomes  an  interested
stockholder.  This  provision  could have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change of control of SanDisk.

Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile.

    The market price of our stock has fluctuated  significantly  in the past and
is likely to continue  to  fluctuate  in the  future.  For example in the twelve
month period ending  December 31, 1999 our stock price has fluctuated from a low
of $6.25 to a high of $50.31. We believe that such fluctuations will continue as
a result of future  announcements  concerning  us, our  competitors or principal
customers  regarding  technological  innovations,   new  product  introductions,
governmental  regulations,  litigation  or  changes  in  earnings  estimates  by
analysts.  In  addition,  in  recent  years  the stock  market  has  experienced
significant  price  and  volume  fluctuations  and  the  market  prices  of  the
securities of high technology companies have been especially volatile, often for
reasons outside the control of the particular  companies.  These fluctuations as
well as general  economic,  political and market  conditions may have an adverse
affect on the market price of our common stock.


Item 7a.  Market Risk Disclosure Information

    Interest  Rate Risk.  Our  exposure  to market  risk for changes in interest
rates relates  primarily to our investment  portfolio.  The primary objective of
our  investment  activities is to preserve  principal  while  maximizing  yields
without  significantly  increasing  risk.  This is  accomplished by investing in
widely diversified  short-term  investments,  consisting primarily of investment
grade  securities,  substantially  all of which  either  mature  within the next
twelve months or have characteristics of short-term investments.  A hypothetical
50 basis  point  increase  in  interest  rates  would  result in an  approximate
$950,000  decline (less than 0.32%) in the fair value of our  available-for-sale
securities.

    Foreign  Currency Risk. A substantial  majority of our revenue,  expense and
capital purchasing activity are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, we do enter
into  transactions in other  currencies,  primarily the Japanese Yen. To protect
against  reductions  in value and the  volatility of future cash flows caused by
changes  in foreign  exchange  rates,  we have  established  a hedging  program.
Currency forward contracts are utilized in these hedging  programs.  Our hedging
programs  reduce,  but do not always entirely  eliminate,  the impact of foreign
currency  exchange rate  movements.  An adverse  change of 10% in exchange rates
would result in a decline in income before taxes of approximately $575,000.

    All of the potential  changes noted above are based on sensitivity  analyses
performed on our financial positions at December 31, 1999.

                                       37


<PAGE>


ITEM 8.          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                    Contents
                                                                          Page

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors...................       39
Consolidated Balance Sheets.........................................       40
Consolidated Statements of Income...................................       41
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity.....................       42
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows...............................       43
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..........................       44



                                       38


<PAGE>


                REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
SanDisk Corporation

    We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of SanDisk
Corporation  as of  December  31, 1999 and 1998,  and the  related  consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended  December  31,  1999.  Our audits also  included  the
financial  statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility  is to  express  an opinion  on these  financial  statements  and
schedule based on our audits.

    We conducted  our audits in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes  assessing the accounting  principles  used and  significant
estimates  made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial
statement  presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable  basis
for our opinion.

    In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
SanDisk  Corporation at December 31, 1999 and 1998 and the consolidated  results
of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December 31, 1999,  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles in the United  States.  Also, in our opinion,  the related  financial
statement  schedule,   when  considered  in  relation  to  the  basic  financial
statements  taken as a whole,  presents  fairly  in all  material  respects  the
information set forth therein.



                                              /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California

January 25, 2000



                                       39


<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

December 31,                                                  1999          1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
      Cash and cash equivalents                          $ 146,170      $ 15,384
      Short-term investments                               311,049       119,074
      Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
         accounts of $1,871 in 1999 and $1,069 in 1998      52,434        18,818
      Inventories                                           35,679         8,922
      Deferred tax assets                                   17,000        15,900
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets              6,058         8,276
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total current assets                                 568,390       186,374

Property and equipment, net                                 31,788        17,542
Investment in foundry                                       51,208        51,208
Deposits and other assets                                    6,338           617
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                             $ 657,724     $ 255,741
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
      Accounts payable                                    $ 30,734      $  6,938
      Accrued payroll and related expenses                   8,259         3,768
      Income taxes payable                                   5,843         4,668
      Other accrued liabilities                             11,378         5,077
      Deferred revenue                                      29,383        27,452
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total current liabilities                             85,597        47,903
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
      Preferred stock, $0.001 par value
         Authorized shares:  4,000,000
         Issued:  none                                           -             -
      Common stock, $0.001 par value
          Authorized shares: 125,000,000
          Issued and outstanding: 65,248,308 in 1999 and
              53,256,220 in 1998                                65            54
      Capital in excess of par value                       524,066       186,066
      Retained earnings                                     47,797        21,247
      Accumulated other comprehensive income                   199           471
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                 572,127       207,838
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity               $ 657,724     $ 255,741
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements


                                       40


<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31,               1999            1998            1997
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
     Product                     $  205,770      $  103,190      $  105,675
     License and royalty             41,220          32,571          19,578
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                      246,990         135,761         125,253

Cost of revenues                    152,143          80,311          72,280
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                        94,847          55,450          52,973
Operating expenses
     Research and development        26,883          18,174          13,577
     Sales and marketing             25,294          16,933          12,568
     General and administrative      12,585           7,533           7,148
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses             64,762          42,640          33,293
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income                     30,085          12,810          19,680
Interest income                       8,280           5,307           3,661
Other income (loss), net              1,261             374             (1)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before taxes                  39,626          18,491          23,340
Provision for income taxes           13,076           6,655           3,501
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                       $   26,550      $   11,836      $   19,839
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share
     Basic                       $     0.48      $     0.23      $     0.43
     Diluted                     $     0.43      $     0.21      $     0.40
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares used in computing net income
   per share
     Basic                           55,834          52,596          45,760
     Diluted                         61,433          55,344          49,940
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements

                                       41


<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Capital                Accumulated
                                                  Common               In                      Other           Total
                                                        Stock   Excess of  Retained    Comprehensive   Stockholders'
                                            Shares     Amount   Par Value  Earnings           Income          Equity
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>      <C>       <C>              <C>           <C>
Balance at December 31, 1996                44,654      $  45    $ 98,188  $(10,428)        $      5      $   87,810

Net income                                       -          -           -    19,839                -          19,839
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                            -          -           -         -               37              37
                                                                                                       -------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                          19,876
                                                                                                       -------------
Exercise of stock options for cash             714          1         583         -                -             584
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan               252          -       1,189         -                -           1,189
Net exercise of common stock warrants          110          -           -         -                -               -
Sale of common stock, net of
     issuance costs                          6,000          6      79,411         -                -          79,417
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                           -          -       2,498         -                -           2,498
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1997                51,730         52     181,869     9,411               42         191,374
Net income                                       -          -           -    11,836                -          11,836
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                            -          -           -         -              429            429
                                                                                                       -------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                          12,265
                                                                                                       -------------
Exercise of stock options for cash           1,260          1         929         -                -             930
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan               260          1       1,474         -                -           1,475
Net exercise of common stock warrants            6          -           -         -                -               -
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                           -          -       1,761         -                -           1,761
Compensation expense related to
     modification of stock options               -          -          33         -                -              33
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1998                53,256         54     186,066    21,247              471         207,838
Net income                                       -          -           -    26,550                -          26,550
Unrealized loss on available for
      sale securities                            -          -           -         -            (272)           (272)
                                                                                                       -------------
Comprehensive income                                                                                          26,278
                                                                                                       -------------
Exercise of stock options for cash           1,766          2       6,107         -                -           6,109
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan               268          -       1,807         -                -           1,807
Net exercise of common stock warrants           58          -           -         -                -               -
Sale of common stock, net of
     issuance costs                          9,900          9     320,277         -                -         320,286
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                           -          -       9,809         -                -           9,809
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1999                65,248      $  65   $ 524,066   $47,797        $     199      $  572,127
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements

                                       42


<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)
<TABLE>
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>           <C>
Years Ended December 31,                                      1999          1998          1997
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                               $  26,550     $  11,836     $  19,839
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
   provided by operating activities:
       Depreciation                                          7,145         5,839         3,985
       Deferred tax asset                                   (1,100)        1,160       (16,055)
       Compensation related to modification of
             stock option terms                                  -            33             -
       Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable                             (33,616)         (247)       (7,643)
           Inventories                                     (26,757)        6,726        (6,018)
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets         2,959        (6,089)         (946)
           Deposits and other assets                        (5,721)          283            (9)
           Accounts payable                                 23,796        (7,174)        6,516
           Accrued payroll and related expenses              4,491          (906)        1,817
           Income taxes payable                             10,984         2,617         4,495
           Other accrued liabilities                         6,301         1,548           990
           Deferred revenue                                  1,931         (515)        22,315
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total adjustments                                         (9,587)        3,275         9,447
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                   16,963        15,111        29,286
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of short-term investments                       (332,379)     (137,822)     (148,954)
Proceeds from short-term investments                       139,391       133,214        89,919
Acquisition of property and equipment                      (21,391)       (7,489)       (9,592)
Investment in foundry                                           -        (10,923)      (40,284)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in investing activities                     (214,379)      (23,020)     (108,911)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
Sale of common stock and warrants                          328,202         2,405        81,190
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                  328,202         2,405        81,190
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       130,786        (5,504)        1,565
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year              15,384        20,888        19,323
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                 $ 146,170     $  15,384     $  20,888
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes                                $  4,306      $  8,277     $  15,172
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements


                                       43


<PAGE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Note 1:  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Nature of Operations

    SanDisk  Corporation  (the Company) was  incorporated in Delaware on June 1,
1988, to design,  manufacture,  and market  industry-standard,  solid-state mass
storage products using proprietary,  high-density  flash memory technology.  The
Company   operates  in  one  segment  and  serves   customers  in  the  consumer
electronics,  industrial,  communications and highly portable computing markets.
Principal  geographic  markets  for the  Company's  products  include the United
States, Japan, Europe and the Far East.

Supplier and Customer Concentrations

    A limited number of customers  historically have accounted for a substantial
portion  of the  Company's  revenues.  In each of 1999 and  1998,  one  customer
accounted  for more than 10% of total  revenues.  In 1997,  no  single  customer
accounted  for  greater  than 10% of  total  revenues.  Sales  of the  Company's
products will vary as a result of  fluctuations in market demand.  Further,  the
flash data storage markets in which the Company  competes are  characterized  by
rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry  standards,  declining average
selling prices and rapid technological obsolescence.

    Certain of the raw materials  used by the Company in the  manufacture of its
products are available from a limited number of suppliers.  For example,  all of
the Company's  products  require silicon wafers which are currently  supplied by
United Microelectronics  Corporation ("UMC') in Taiwan. The Company is dependent
on its foundries to allocate to the Company a portion of their foundry  capacity
sufficient to meet the Company's needs, to produce wafers of acceptable  quality
and with  acceptable  manufacturing  yields and to deliver  those  wafers to the
Company on a timely basis. On occasion, the Company has experienced difficulties
in each of these areas.

    Under  each  of the  Company's  wafer  supply  agreements,  the  Company  is
obligated to provide a monthly rolling forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.
Except in limited circumstances and subject to acceptance by the foundries,  the
estimates  for the first  three  months of each  forecast  constitute  a binding
commitment  and the  estimates  for the  remaining  months may not  increase  or
decrease by more than a certain  percentage from the previous month's  forecast.
These   restrictions  limit  the  Company's  ability  to  react  to  significant
fluctuations in demand for its products.  As a result,  the Company has not been
able to match its purchases of wafers to specific customer orders, and therefore
the Company has taken write downs for potential excess inventory purchased prior
to the  receipt of  customer  orders and may be required to do so in the future.
These  adjustments  decrease  gross  margins in the  quarter  reported  and have
resulted,  and could in the future result in  fluctuations in gross margins on a
quarter to quarter basis. To the extent the Company  inaccurately  forecasts the
number of wafers required,  it may have either a shortage or an excess supply of
wafers,  either of which could have a material  adverse  effect on the Company's
business,  financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally,  if the
Company is unable to obtain scheduled quantities of wafers from any foundry with
acceptable yields, the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations could be negatively impacted.

    In  addition,  certain key  components,  are  purchased  from single  source
vendors for which  alternative  sources are currently not  available.  Shortages
could occur in these  essential  materials due to an  interruption  of supply or
increased demand in the industry.  If the Company were unable to procure certain
of such materials,  it would be required to reduce its manufacturing  operations
which could have a material  adverse effect upon its results of  operations.  We
also  rely on  third-party  subcontractors  to  assemble  and  test  the  memory
components  for  our  products.  We  have  no  long-term  contracts  with  these
subcontractors  and cannot directly  control product  delivery  schedules.  This
could lead to  product  shortages  or quality  assurance  problems  which  could
increase the manufacturing costs of our products and have adverse effects on our
operating results.

                                       44


<PAGE>


Use of Estimates

    The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Basis of Presentation

    The Company's  fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal
year 1999 ended on January 2, 2000 and was 53 weeks in length. Fiscal years 1998
and 1997 ended on December 27, 1998 and December 28, 1997, respectively and were
each 52 weeks in length.  For ease of presentation,  the accompanying  financial
statements have been shown as ending on the last day of the calendar month.

Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned  subsidiaries.  All significant  intercompany  balances and
transactions have been eliminated.

Foreign Currency Transactions

    Foreign  operations  are measured  using the U.S.  dollar as the  functional
currency. Accordingly,  monetary accounts (principally cash, accounts receivable
and  liabilities)  are remeasured using the foreign exchange rate at the balance
sheet date.  Operations  accounts and  nonmonetary  balance  sheet  accounts are
remeasured  at the rate in effect at the date of  transaction.  The  effects  of
foreign currency remeasurement are reported in current operations. See Note 2.

Reclassifications

    Certain  reclassifications have been made to prior year's amounts to conform
to the current year's presentation.

Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

    Cash equivalents consist of short-term,  highly liquid financial instruments
with insignificant  interest rate risk that are readily  convertible to cash and
have  maturities  of  three  months  or less  from the  date of  purchase.  Cash
equivalents and short-term  investments  consist of money market funds,  taxable
commercial paper,  U.S.  government  agency  obligations,  corporate / municipal
notes and bonds with  high-credit  quality,  money  market  preferred  stock and
auction rate  preferred  stock.  The fair market  value,  based on quoted market
prices, of cash equivalents and short-term investments is substantially equal to
their carrying value at December 31, 1999 and 1998.

    Under FAS 115, management  classifies  investments as  available-for-sale at
the  time of  purchase  and  periodically  reevaluates  such  designation.  Debt
securities  classified  as  available-for-sale   are  reported  at  fair  value.
Unrecognized gains or losses on  available-for-sale  securities are included, in
equity until their disposition.  Realized gains and losses and declines in value
judged to be other than temporary on available-for-sale  securities are included
in  interest  income.  The cost of  securities  sold is  based  on the  specific
identification method.

    All cash equivalents and short-term  investments as of December 31, 1999 and
1998  are  classified  as  available-for-sale  securities  and  consist  of  the
following:

                                       45


<PAGE>



                                                        December 31,
                                                        1999         1998
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                      (In thousands)
Cash equivalents:
  Money market fund                               $   21,853     $  1,389
  Commercial paper                                   117,769        9,178
  Corporate notes / bonds                                  -        2,251
                                                  ----------     --------
  Total                                           $  139,622     $ 12,818
                                                  ==========     ========


Short term investments:
  U.S. government agency obligations              $    2,969     $      -
  Municipal notes / bonds                            133,462       91,073
  Corporate notes / bonds                             58,969       12,550
  Commercial paper                                     4,009            -
  Auction rate preferred stock                       111,640       15,451
                                                  ----------     --------
  Total                                            $ 311,049     $119,074
                                                  ==========     ========

    Unrealized losses and gains on available-for-sale securities at December 31,
1999 and 1998 were ($536,000) and $471,000,  respectively.  Gross realized gains
and losses on sales of  available-for-sale  securities  during  the years  ended
December 31, 1999 and 1998 were immaterial.

    Debt securities at December 31, 1999 and 1998, by contractual maturity,  are
shown below.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because
issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations.

                                                        December 31,
                                                        1999         1998
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                       (In thousands)
Short-term investments:
    Due in one year or less                       $  170,097     $ 93,983
    Due after one year through two years             140,952       25,091
                                                  ----------     --------
          Total                                   $  311,049     $119,074
                                                  ==========     ========

Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a
currently  adjusted  standard  basis  (which  approximates  actual  costs  on  a
first-in,  first-out  basis).  Market value is based upon an  estimated  average
selling price reduced by normal gross margins. Inventories are as follows:

                                                        December 31,
                                                        1999         1998
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                       (in thousands)

Raw materials                                     $   10,387     $  2,710
Work-in-process                                       20,708        3,818
Finished goods                                         4,584        2,394
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                  $   35,679     $  8,922
                                                  ==========     ========

    Given the volatility of the market,  the Company writes down  inventories to
net realizable value based on backlog and forecasted demand. However, backlog is
subject to revisions, cancellations and rescheduling. Actual demand

                                       46


<PAGE>


may  differ  from  forecasted  demand and such  differences  may have a material
effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations.

Property and Equipment

    Property and equipment consist of the following:


                                                          December 31,
                                                        1999         1998
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                        (in thousands)

   Machinery and equipment                        $   47,004     $ 30,008
   Software                                            5,994        3,413
   Furniture and fixtures                              1,335        1,173
   Leasehold improvements                              3,772        2,120
                                                  ----------     --------
   Property and equipment, at cost                    58,105       36,714
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization         (26,317)     (19,172)
                                                  ----------     --------
   Property and equipment, net                    $   31,788     $ 17,542
                                                  ==========     ========


Depreciation and Amortization

    Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets or the  remaining  lease term,  whichever is shorter,
generally two to seven years.

Investment in Foundry

    In 1997,  the  Company  invested  $40.3  million  in United  Silicon,  Inc.,
("USIC") a  semiconductor  manufacturing  subsidiary of United  Microelectronics
Corporation in Taiwan ("UMC").  The transaction gave the Company an equity stake
of approximately  10% in the facility (which is accounted for on the cost basis)
and  guaranteed  access  to  approximately  12.5% of the wafer  output  from the
facility.  In 1998,  the Company  increased  its  investment by $10.9 million to
retain  its 10%  ownership  interest.  No  changes  were made to the  production
agreement.  In January  2000,  the USIC  foundry  was merged  into UMC.  SanDisk
received 111 million  shares of UMC stock in exchange for its USIC shares.  (See
Note 11).

Revenue Recognition

    Product revenue, less a provision for estimated sales returns, is recognized
when title passes which is generally at the time of shipment.  However,  revenue
on shipments to distributors and retailers,  subject to certain rights of return
and  price  protection,  is  deferred  until  the  merchandise  is  sold  by the
distributors or retailers, or the rights expire.

    The  Company  earns  patent   license  and  royalty   revenue  under  patent
cross-license   agreements  with  Hitachi  Ltd.,  Intel   Corporation,   Samsung
Electronics  Company  Ltd.,  Sharp  Electronics  Corporation,   Silicon  Storage
Technology,  Inc., SmartDisk Corporation and Toshiba Corporation.  The Company's
current license agreements  provide for the payment of license fees,  royalties,
or a  combination  thereof,  to the  Company.  The  timing  and  amount of these
payments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter,  depending on the terms
of each  agreement  and, in some  cases,  the timing of sales of products by the
other parties.

    Patent license and royalty revenue is recognized when earned.  In 1999, 1998
and 1997, the Company  received  payments under these cross license  agreements,
portions of which were  recognized as revenue and portions of which are deferred
revenue.  Recognition of deferred revenue is expected to occur in future periods
as the Company meets certain obligations as provided in the various agreements.

                                       47


<PAGE>



Net Income Per Share

    The Company  determines  net income per share in accordance  with  Financial
Accounting Standards Statement 128, "Earnings Per Share".

    The  following  table sets forth the  computation  of basic and  diluted net
income per share (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                     1999       1998        1997
                                                  -------     -------    -------
Numerator:
      Numerator for basic and diluted
         net income per share - net income        $26,550     $11,836    $19,839
                                                  =======     =======    =======

Denominator for basic net income per share:
      Weighted average common shares               55,834      52,596     45,760
                                                  -------     -------    -------
Shares used in computing basic net income
per share                                          55,834      52,596     45,760
                                                  =======     =======    =======
Basic net income per share                        $  0.48     $  0.23    $  0.43
                                                  =======     =======    =======

Denominator for diluted net income per share:
      Weighted average common shares               55,834      52,596     45,760
      Employee stock options and warrants
           to purchase common stock                 5,599       2,748      4,180
                                                  -------     -------    -------
Shares used in computing diluted net income
per share                                          61,433      55,344     49,940
                                                  =======     =======    =======
Diluted net income per share                      $  0.43     $  0.21    $  0.40
                                                 ========     =======    =======


    Options and warrants to purchase  190,807;  1,802,886 and 514,016  shares of
common stock in 1999,  1998 and 1997,  respectively,  have been omitted from the
earnings per share calculation, as their effect is antidilutive.


Stock Based Compensation

    The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation under APB Opinion
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related  interpretations.
Pro forma net  income  and net  income per share  disclosures  are  required  by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based
Compensation," and are included in Note 4.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

    In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement 133,
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,  which is required
to be adopted in fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15,  2000.  Because of the
Company's  minimal use of  derivatives,  management does not anticipate that the
adoption of the new Statement will have a significant  effect on earnings or the
financial  position of the  Company,  however,  the Company is in the process of
studying the actual impact.

                                       48


<PAGE>


    In December  1999,  The  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101 "Revenue Recognition in Financial  Statements".  SAB
101 provides guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue
in financial  statements.  All  registrants are expected to apply the accounting
and disclosures  described in SAB 101. The Company is still assessing the impact
of SAB 101 on its  consolidated  results of operations,  financial  position and
cash flows.

Note 2:  Financial Instruments

Concentration of Credit Risk

    The Company's  concentration  of credit risk consists  principally  of cash,
cash equivalents,  short-term  investments and trade receivables.  The Company's
investment policy restricts  investments to high-credit  quality investments and
limits the amounts  invested with any one issuer.  The Company sells to original
equipment manufacturers, retailers and distributors in the United States, Japan,
Europe and the Far East,  performs ongoing credit  evaluations of its customers'
financial  condition,  and  generally  requires  no  collateral.   Reserves  are
maintained for potential credit losses.

Off Balance Sheet Risk

    Certain of the Company's  balance sheet accounts are denominated in Japanese
Yen. The Company enters into foreign exchange contracts to hedge against changes
in foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  The  effects of  movements  in  currency
exchange rates on these  instruments are recognized  when the related  operating
revenues  and  expenses  are  recognized.  The  Company  has a foreign  exchange
contract  line in the amount of $15.0  million at December 31, 1999.  Under this
line, the Company may enter into forward  exchange  contracts  which require the
Company to sell or purchase foreign  currencies.  Two forward exchange contracts
in the notional  amount of $8.2 million were  outstanding  at December 31, 1999.
Foreign  currency  translation  gains of $122,000  were deferred at December 31,
1999 in connection with these contracts as the contracts have been identified as
hedging  contracts.  One forward exchange contract in the amount of $4.3 million
was outstanding at December 31, 1998.  Foreign  currency  translation  losses of
$34,000  were  deferred at December  31, 1998 in  connection  with this  forward
contract.

    The impact of  movements  in  currency  exchange  rates on foreign  exchange
contracts  substantially  mitigates the related impact on the  underlying  items
hedged.  The  Company  had  net  transaction  gains  (losses)  of  approximately
$1,467,000,  $412,000 and ($7,000) for the years ended  December 31, 1999,  1998
and 1997, respectively.  These amounts are included in other income (loss), net,
in the statement of income.

Note 3:  Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

    The Company leases its headquarters and sales offices under operating leases
that expire at various dates through 2001.  Future  minimum lease payments under
operating leases at December 31, 1999 are as follows:

Year Ending December 31,
(in thousands)
2000                    1,868
2001                    1,035
                      -------
Total                 $ 2,903
                      =======


    Rental expense under all operating leases was $2.1 million, $1.7 million and
$1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

                                       49


<PAGE>


Contingencies

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  trademarks,  copyright
and trade secret laws,  confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to
protect its intellectual  property rights.  There can be no assurance that there
will not be any disputes regarding the Company's  intellectual  property rights.
Specifically,  there can be no  assurance  that any patents  held by the Company
will not be  invalidated,  that patents will be issued for any of the  Company's
pending applications or that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents
will be of  sufficient  scope or strength or be issued in the primary  countries
where the Company's products can be sold to provide meaningful protection or any
commercial  advantage to the Company.  Additionally,  competitors of the Company
may be able to design around the Company's patents.

    To preserve its intellectual property rights, the Company believes it may be
necessary to initiate  litigation with one or more third parties,  including but
not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent  infringement.
In  addition,  one or more of these  parties may bring suit against the Company.
Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant, would likely result in
significant  expense to the  Company  and divert  the  efforts of the  Company's
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is ultimately
determined in favor of the Company.

    In March 1998,  the Company filed a complaint in federal court against Lexar
Media, Inc. ("Lexar") for infringement of a fundamental  flashdisk patent. Lexar
has disputed  the  Company's  claim of patent  infringement,  claimed  SanDisk's
patent is invalid or unenforceable and asserted various counterclaims  including
unfair  competition,  violation of the Lanham Act,  patent misuse,  interference
with prospective  economic  advantage,  trade defamation and fraud.  SanDisk has
denied each of Lexar's  counterclaims.In  July 1998, the federal  district court
denied  Lexar's  request to have the case  dismissed  on the grounds the Company
failed to perform an adequate  prefiling  investigation.  Discovery in the Lexar
suit  commenced  in August  1998.  The claims  construction  phase  commenced in
February 1999. The Company intends to vigorously enforce its patents,  but there
can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful.

    On February 22, 1999, the court considered arguments and papers submitted by
the parties regarding the scope and proper interpretation of the asserted claims
in our patent at issue in the Lexar suit. On March 4, 1999, the court issued its
ruling on the proper  construction of the claim terms in our patent. On July 30,
1999, we filed a motion for partial summary judgment that Lexar CompactFlash and
PC Cards  contributorily  infringe our patent.  In December 1999,  Lexar filed a
counter motion for partial summary  judgment for invalidity of our patent.  Both
motions  were heard by the court on March 17,  2000 and the  matters  were taken
under  submission  by the court.  We are waiting for the court's  ruling on both
matters.  In August 1999, we had a mandatory  settlement  meeting with Lexar. No
settlement was reached through this meeting. A trial date has not yet been set.

   In May 1999,  Lexar filed a complaint  against us in federal court for claims
of unfair  competition,  false  advertising,  trade  libel and  intentional  and
negligent   interference  with  prospective   business  advantage.   In  Lexar's
complaint,  Lexar  alleged  that  statements  by us  regarding  the  comparative
performance  of our  products  and Lexar's in digital  cameras  were false,  and
further alleged that we had interfered with the  certification  of certain Lexar
products by the CompactFlash Association.  On July 1, 1999, we filed a motion to
dismiss  the Lexar  complaint.  Also,  in July  1999,  Lexar  filed a motion for
preliminary  injunction seeking to stop certain advertising practices that Lexar
alleges were misleading. On August 26, 1999, the parties executed and filed with
the court a joint  stipulation  withdrawing  our motion to dismiss and  granting
Lexar  permission  to amend its  complaint.  Lexar has amended its  complaint to
remove any allegations and causes of action based on our alleged interference in
certification by the CompactFlash Association.  On September 17, 1999, the court
conducted a hearing on Lexar's motion for preliminary  injunction.  On September
24, 1999,  the court issued an order granting a limited  preliminary  injunction
which  enjoins us from using or  implying  certain  terminology  in  advertising
regarding the comparative performance of our memory products in digital cameras.
On October 1, 1999, we filed  counterclaims  against Lexar  asserting  causes of
action including unfair competition and false advertising under both federal and
California law.  Although we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the case, we
believe  that  Lexar's  claims are  without  merit and that we have  meritorious
counterclaims against Lexar.

                                       50


<PAGE>


    In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation,  the Company could
be required to pay substantial damages,  cease the manufacture,  use and sale of
infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop  non-infringing
technology or obtain licenses to the infringing  technology,  or discontinue the
use of certain processes.

    From time to time the Company  agrees to indemnify  certain of its suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies  but  may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses, including attorneys fees. The Company may from time to time be engaged
in  litigation  as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.  Third  party
claims for patent  infringement  are excluded from coverage  under the Company's
insurance  policies.  There can be no assurance  that any future  obligation  to
indemnify the Company's customers or suppliers, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

    Litigation  frequently  involves  substantial  expenditures  and can require
significant  management  attention,  even if the Company ultimately prevails. In
addition,  the  results of any  litigation  matters  are  inherently  uncertain.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any
future  litigation,  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Note 4:  Stockholders' Equity

Stock Benefit Plan

    The 1989 Stock Benefit Plan, in effect  through  August 1995,  comprised two
separate programs,  the Stock Issuance Program and the Option Grant Program. The
Stock Issuance Program allowed eligible  individuals to immediately purchase the
Company's  common stock at a fair value as determined by the Board of Directors.
Under the Option Grant Program,  eligible  individuals  were granted  options to
purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at a fair value, as determined by
the  Board of  Directors,  of such  shares  on the date of  grant.  The  options
generally  vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later than ten years from
the date of grant.  Unexercised  options are canceled  upon the  termination  of
employment  or  services.  Options  that are  canceled  under  this plan will be
available  for future  grants under the 1995 Stock  Option  Plan.  There were no
shares available for option grants under the 1989 Stock Benefit Plan at December
31, 1999.

1995 Stock Benefit Plan

     The 1995 Stock Option Plan  provides  for the  issuance of incentive  stock
options  and  nonqualified  stock  options.  Under this plan,  the  vesting  and
exercise  provisions of option grants are  determined by the Board of Directors.
The options generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later than ten
years from the date of grant.

    On  July  17,   1998,   the   Board  of   Directors   approved   an   option
cancellation/regrant  program. Under the cancellation/regrant program, employees
could elect to exchange  their stock options with  exercise  prices in excess of
$6.00 per share for new options  priced at $5.00 per share,  the market price of
the Company's common stock on the date of implementation, August 21, 1998. Under
the new options, shares become exercisable six to twelve months later than under
the old higher-priced  options. The new options have a maximum term of ten years
from the August 21, 1998, grant date. Officers and directors of the Company were
not  eligible  for  participation  in the option  cancellation/regrant  program.
Options  covering a total of  approximately  1,806,846  shares were canceled and
regranted in connection with the program. The number of options shown as granted
and canceled in the table below reflect this  exchange of options.  Such options
had a weighted average exercise price before repricing of $10.3305,  and the new
options were granted at an exercise price of $5.00.

    In May 1999,  the  stockholders  increased  the shares  available for future
issuance  under the 1995 Stock Benefit Plan by 7,000,000  shares and approved an
automatic  share  increase  feature  pursuant  to which  the  number  of  shares
available for issuance under the plan will  automatically  increase on the first
trading day in January each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2002 and
continuing  over the remaining  term of the plan, by an amount equal to four and
thirty-six  hundredths percent (4.36%) of the total number of shares outstanding
on the last trading day in

                                       51


<PAGE>


December in the  immediately  preceding  calendar year, but in no event will any
such annual increase exceed 4,000,000 shares.

1995 Non-employee Directors Stock Option Plan

    In August 1995, the Company  adopted the 1995  Non-employee  Directors Stock
Option Plan (the  Directors'  PlanUnder this plan,  automatic  option grants are
made at  periodic  intervals  to eligible  non-employee  members of the Board of
Directors. Initial option grants vest over a four-year period. Subsequent annual
grants  vest one year  after  date of  grant.  All  options  granted  under  the
Non-employee  Directors  Stock  Option  Plan  expire ten years after the date of
grant. In May 1999, the  stockholders  increased the shares available for future
issuance under the 1995 Non-Employee  Directors Stock Option Plan by 400,000 and
approved an automatic  share  increase  feature  pursuant to which the number of
shares available for issuance under the plan will automatically  increase on the
first trading day in January each calendar  year,  beginning  with calendar year
2002 and  continuing  over the remaining term of the plan, by an amount equal to
two tenths of one percent  (0.2%) of the total number of shares  outstanding  on
the last trading day in December in the immediately preceding calendar year, but
in no event will any such annual increase exceed 200,000 shares. At December 31,
1999, the Company had reserved  800,000 shares for issuance under the Directors'
Plan and a total of 368,000  options had been granted at exercise prices ranging
from $4.75 to $15.2188 per share.

    A summary of activity under all stock option plans follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               Total
                                            Available                             Weighted
                                           for Future             Total            Average
                                      Grant/ Issuance       Outstanding     Exercise Price

                                      ----------------    --------------    --------------
                                            (Shares in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>                 <C>               <C>
  Balance at December 31, 1996                    644             6,288            $2.745
     Increase in authorized shares               5,100                 -
     Granted                                    (1,824)            1,824           $10.295
     Exercised                                       -              (716)           $0.815
     Canceled                                      290              (290)           $4.915
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1997                  4,210             7,106            $4.79
                                      ----------------    --------------
     Granted                                    (4,444)            4,444            $5.97
     Exercised                                       -            (1,260)           $0.74
     Canceled                                    2,038            (2,038)          $10.04
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1998                  1,804              8,252           $4.75
                                      ----------------    --------------
     Increase in authorized shares               7,400                 -
     Granted                                    (3,000)            3,000           $31.00
     Exercised                                       -            (1,766)           $3.47
     Canceled                                      308              (308)           $9.69
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1999                  6,512              9,178           $9.50
                                      ================     ==============
</TABLE>


                                       52


<PAGE>



    At December 31, 1999, options outstanding were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          Options Outstanding                               Options Exercisable
                         ------------------------------------------------------     ----------------------------------
                                    Number            Weighted                                 Number
                               Outstanding             Average         Weighted           Exercisable         Weighted
            Range of                 as of           Remaining          Average                 as of          Average
     Exercise Prices     December 31, 1999   Contractual Life   Exercise Price      December 31, 1999   Exercise Price

- --------------------     -----------------   -----------------  ---------------     -----------------   --------------
<S>                      <C>                 <C>                <C>                 <C>                 <C>
$ 0.075 - $ 5.000                3,158,873                7.06          $3.6738             2,000,893          $3.0218
$ 5.094 - $ 6.375                2,568,148                8.21          $6.1155             1,020,628          $6.0525
$ 6.438 - $17.563                  848,266                8.59         $11.1795               308,936         $10.4085
$22.500 - $30.000                  684,000                9.67         $25.4940                     0          $0.0000
$31.188 - $41.031                1,918,932                9.91         $35.8804                     0          $0.0000
- --------------------     -----------------   -----------------  ---------------     -----------------   --------------
$ 0.075 - $41.031                9,178,219                8.32         $13.4104             3,330,457          $4.6358
</TABLE>


Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    In August 1995,  the Company  adopted the Employee  Stock Purchase Plan (the
Purchase Plan). In May 1999, the stockholders increased the shares available for
future  issuance  under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan by 600,000 and approved
an  automatic  share  increase  feature  pursuant  to which the number of shares
available for issuance under the plan will  automatically  increase on the first
trading day in January each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2002 and
continuing  over  the  remaining  term  of  the  plan,  by an  amount  equal  to
forty-three  hundredths  of one  percent  (0.43%) of the total  number of shares
outstanding  on the last  trading day in December in the  immediately  preceding
calendar  year,  but in no event will any such annual  increase  exceed  400,000
shares.  Under the Purchase Plan,  qualified  employees are entitled to purchase
shares  through  payroll  deductions  at 85% of the  fair  market  value  at the
beginning or end of the offering period,  whichever is lower. As of December 31,
1999, the Company had reserved 2,366,666 shares of common stock for issuance the
Purchase Plan and a total of 964,870 shares had been issued.

Accounting for Stock Based Compensation

    The  Company has  elected to follow APB 25 and  related  interpretations  in
accounting  for its employee  stock options  because,  as discussed  below,  the
alternative  fair value  accounting  provided for under SFAS 123 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," requires use of option valuation models that were not
developed for use in valuing  employee stock options.  Under APB 25, because the
exercise  price of the Company's  stock  options  equals the market price of the
underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized.

    Pro  forma  information  regarding  net  income  and  earnings  per share is
required by SFAS 123, which also requires that the  information be determined as
if the Company has accounted for its employee stock options  granted  subsequent
to December  31,  1994 under the fair value  method of this  Statement.  For all
grants  subsequent to December 31, 1994 that were granted prior to the Company's
initial  public  offering in November  1995, the fair value of these options was
determined  using the minimum  value  method with a weighted  average  risk free
interest rate of 6.32% and an expected  life of 5 years.  The fair value for the
options granted  subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in November
1995 was  estimated  at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  single  option
pricing  model  with  the  following  weighted  average  assumptions:  risk-free
interest rates of 5.52%, 4.84% and 6.24% for 1999, 1998 and 1997,  respectively;
a dividend  yield of 0.0%, a volatility  factor of the expected  market price of
the  Company's  common  stock of 0.888,  0.60 and 0.655 for 1999,  1998 and 1997
respectively; and a weighted-average expected life of the option of 5 years. The
weighted  average fair value of those  options  granted were $22.38,  $3.325 and
$6.225 for 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

                                       53


<PAGE>


    The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded  options  which have no  vesting  restrictions  and are
fully  transferable.  In  addition,  option  models  require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including the expected stock price volatility.  Because
the  Company's  employee  stock  options  have   characteristics   significantly
different from those of traded  options,  and because  changes in the subjective
assumptions  can  materially  affect the fair value  estimate,  in  management's
opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a  reliable  single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

    Under the 1995  Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan  participating  employees can
choose to have up to 10% of their annual base earnings  withheld to purchase the
Company's  common stock.  The purchase price of the stock is 85% of the lower of
the subscription date fair market value and the purchase date fair market value.
Approximately  79% of eligible  employees have  participated in the plan in 1999
and 65% and 75% in 1998 and 1997, respectively. Under the Plan, the Company sold
269,092,  259,484  and  251,591  shares  to  employees  in 1999,  1998 and 1997,
respectively.  Pursuant to APB 25 and related interpretations,  the Company does
not recognize  compensation  cost related to employee  purchase rights under the
Plan.  To  comply  with  the pro  forma  reporting  requirements  of  SFAS  123,
compensation  cost is estimated  for the fair value of the  employees'  purchase
rights using the  Black-Scholes  model with the following  assumptions for those
rights granted in 1999, 1998 and 1997: dividend yield of 0.0%; and expected life
of 6 months; expected volatility factor of .98 and 1.16 in 1999, .65 and 1.02 in
1998 and 0.63 and 0.89 in 1997; and a risk free interest rate ranging from 5.35%
to 6.08%.  The weighted  average fair value of those purchase  rights granted in
February 1997, August 1997, February 1998, August 1998, February 1999 and August
1999 were $1.71, $2.345, $3.5, $2.25, $6.01 and $17.72, respectively.

    Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based  compensation plans been
determined  based on the fair value at the grant  dates for awards  under  those
plans  consistent  with the  method of SFAS 123,  the  Company's  net income and
earnings  per share would have been reduced to the pro forma  amounts  indicated
below:

                                                Years ended December 31,
                                          1999            1998             1997
                                   -----------     -----------      -----------
                                     (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Pro forma net income               $    16,213     $     5,178      $    17,156

Pro forma net income per share
     Basic                         $      0.29     $      0.10      $      0.37
     Diluted                       $      0.26     $      0.09      $      0.34


    Because  SFAS  123 is  applicable  only to  options  granted  subsequent  to
December 31, 1994, its pro forma effect was not fully reflected until 1999.


Shareholder Rights Plan

    On April 21, 1997, the Company adopted a shareholder rights plan (the Rights
Agreement). Under the Rights Agreement, rights were distributed as a dividend at
the rate of one right  for each  share of common  stock of the  Company  held by
stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 1997. The rights
will  expire on April 28, 2007 unless  redeemed or  exchanged.  Under the Rights
Agreement,  each right will initially  entitle the registered  holder to buy one
one-fiftieth  of a share of Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock for
$250.00.  The rights will become  exercisable  only if a person or group  (other
than Seagate Technology, Inc., which is permitted to own up to 25 percent of the
outstanding  common stock of the Company)  acquires  beneficial  ownership of 15
percent or more of the  Company's  common  stock or  commences a tender offer or
exchange  offer  upon   consummation   of  which  such  person  or  group  would
beneficially own 15 percent or more of the Company's common stock.

                                       54


<PAGE>


Warrants

    The Company has periodically granted warrants in connection with the sale of
its stock and  certain  lease and bank  agreements.  The Company had no warrants
outstanding at December 31, 1999.  During 1999, the Company issued 59,340 shares
of common  stock for no proceeds in the net issuance of shares upon the exercise
of 64,246 warrants with an exercise price of $1.65 per share.

Stock Split

    On January 26, 2000,  the  Company's  board of directors  approved a 2-for-1
stock split,  in the form of a 100% stock  dividend,  payable to stockholders of
record as of February 8, 2000.  The dividend was paid and the split was effected
on February 22, 2000. Shares,  per share amounts,  common stock at par value and
additional paid in capital have been restated to reflect the stock split for all
periods presented.

Note 5:  Retirement Plan

    Effective January 1, 1992, the Company adopted a tax-deferred  savings plan,
the SanDisk  401(k) Plan,  for the benefit of qualified  employees.  The plan is
designed  to provide  employees  with an  accumulation  of funds at  retirement.
Qualified  employees  may elect to make  contributions  to the plan on a monthly
basis.  The Company may make annual  contributions to the plan at the discretion
of the Board of Directors.  The Company  contributed  $105,000 for the plan year
ended December 31, 1999. No contributions were made by the Company for the years
ended December 31, 1998 and 1997.


Note 6:  Income Taxes

    The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

                                                December 31,
                                         1999       1998        1997
                                      -------    -------     -------
                                            (in thousands)
Current:
      Federal                         $10,354    $ 1,413     $12,131
      State                             2,117        651       2,662
      Foreign                           4,105      2,936       5,263
                                      -------    -------     -------
                                       16,576      5,000      20,056
Deferred:
      Federal                          (2,600)     1,305     (13,205)
      State                              (400)       350      (3,350)
      Foreign                            (500)         -           -
                                      --------   -------     -------
                                       (3,500)     1,655     (16,555)
                                      --------   -------     -------
Provision for income taxes            $13,076    $ 6,655     $ 3,501
                                      ========   =======     =======


    The tax benefits  associated  with stock  options  reduces  taxes  currently
payable as shown above by $9,809,000,  $1,761,000  and $2,498,000 in 1999,  1998
and 1997,  respectively.  Such benefits are credited to capital in excess of par
when realized.

    The Company's provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by
applying the federal statutory rates to income before taxes as follows:

                                       55


<PAGE>



                                                          December 31,
                                                  1999        1998         1997
                                                 -----       -----        -----
Federal statutory rate                           35.0%       35.0%        35.0%
State taxes, net of federal benefit                2.8         3.5        (1.9)
Research credit                                  (1.7)       (1.9)        (3.8)
Valuation allowance                                 --          --       (14.9)
Foreign tax in excess of U.S. rate                  --          --          0.4
Other individually immaterial items                0.8         5.5          0.2
Tax exempt interest income                       (3.9)       (6.1)           --
                                                 -----       -----        -----
                                                 33.0%       36.0%        15.0%
                                                 =====       =====        =====

    Deferred  income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes.  Significant components of
the  Company's  deferred  tax  assets as of  December  31,  1999 and 1998 are as
follows:

                                         December 31,
                                      1999         1998
                                        (in thousands)

Deferred tax assets:
      Inventory reserves             $   3,400    $  2,700
      Deferred revenue                  10,600      10,300
      Accruals and reserves              3,500       2,900
      Other                              1,300           -
                                     ---------    --------
                                     $  18,800    $ 15,900
                                     =========    ========


Note 7:  Related Party Transactions

    The Company invested $51.2 million in United Silicon,  Inc., a semiconductor
manufacturing  subsidiary of United Microelectronics  Corporation in Taiwan. The
transaction  gave  the  Company  an  equity  stake of  approximately  10% in the
facility  (which was accounted for on the cost basis) and  guarantees  access to
approximately 12.5% of the wafer output from the facility. In 1999 and 1998, the
Company  purchased  wafers from USIC  totaling  approximately  $22.8 million and
$11.6 million,  respectively. The amount payable to USIC for wafer purchases was
$9.3 million and $0.2 million at December  31, 1999 and 1998,  respectively.  In
January 2000, the USIC foundry was merged into UMC. SanDisk received 111 million
shares of UMC stock in exchange for its USIC shares (See Note 11).

Note 8: Toshiba Joint Venture

    In October  1999,  the  Company  entered  into a  nonbinding  memorandum  of
understanding with Toshiba providing for the joint development and manufacturing
of 512 megabit and 1 gigabit flash memory chips and Secure  Digital  Memory Card
controllers.  Further,  the Company and Toshiba  intend to form and fund a joint
venture to equip and operate a silicon wafer manufacturing line in Virginia. The
cost of equipping the Virginia wafer  manufacturing line is estimated at between
$700 million and $800 million.  The Company, as part of its 50% ownership of the
joint  venture,  expect to invest up to $150 million in cash and, if  necessary,
guarantee equipment lease lines for an additional $250 million. The Company does
not expect any material  revenues from the 512 megabit  technology  for at least
one year and from the 1 gigabit  technology for at least two years. A definitive
agreement based upon this memorandum of understanding is being negotiated and is
expected to be concluded in the second quarter of fiscal 2000,  subject to final
approval by the Company's board of directors and that of Toshiba.

                                       56


<PAGE>


Note 9:  Segment Information

    The  Company  adopted  SFAS  No.  131,  Disclosures  about  Segments  of  an
Enterprise and Related Information, in fiscal 1998. SFAS No. 131 supersedes SFAS
No.  14,  Financial   Reporting  for  Segments  of  a  Business  Enterprise  and
establishes  standards  for  reporting  information  about  operating  segments.
Operating  segments  are  defined as  components  of an  enterprise  about which
separate financial  information is available that is evaluated  regularly by the
chief operating  decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources
and in assessing performance.

    The Company  operates in one  segment,  flash memory  products.  The Company
markets its products in the United States and in foreign  countries  through its
sales personnel,  dealers,  distributors,  retailers and its  subsidiaries.  The
Chief  Executive  Officer has been  identified as the Chief  Operating  Decision
Maker ("CODM") because he has final authority over resource allocation decisions
and  performance  assessment.  The CODM  does  not  receive  discrete  financial
information about individual components of the market.

    Geographic Information: Information regarding geographic areas for the years
ended December 31, 1999, 1998, and 1997 are as follows:

                                      Years Ended December 31,
                                     (In thousands)
Revenues:                               1999         1998        1997
                                    --------     --------    --------
     United States                  $116,922     $ 60,113    $ 53,820
     Japan                            62,176       46,276      51,677
     Europe                           22,674        9,810      10,774
     Other foreign countries          45,218       19,562       8,982
                                    --------     --------    --------
Total                               $246,990     $135,761    $125,253

Long Lived Assets:
     United States                  $ 25,442     $ 16,779    $ 15,422
     Japan                               261          445         246
     Europe                               20            9           3
     Other foreign countries          57,273       51,517      40,505
                                    --------     --------    --------
Total                                 82,996       68,750      56,176
                                    ========     ========    ========

Revenues are  attributed  to countries  based on the location of the  customers.
Long lived assets in other foreign countries  includes the investment in USIC of
$51.2 million in 1999 and 1998 and $40.3 million in 1997.

Major Customers

    In 1999 and 1998, revenues from one customer represented approximately $28.0
million and $14.0 million,  respectively,  of  consolidated  revenues.  In 1997,
there were no customers who accounted for more than 10% of total revenue.

Note 10: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

    As of January 1, 1998,  the Company  adopted  Statement  No. 130,  Reporting
Comprehensive Income.  Statement 130 establishes new rules for the reporting and
displaying of comprehensive income and its components;  however, the adoption of
this  Statement  had no  impact on the  Company's  net  income or  shareholders'
equity.  Statement  130  requires  unrealized  gains or losses on the  Company's
available-for-sale  securities, which prior to adoption were reported separately
in  shareholders'   equity,  to  be  included  in  other  comprehensive  income.
Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income.


                                       57


<PAGE>


    Accumulated other comprehensive income presented in the accompanying balance
sheet   consists   of  the   accumulated   unrealized   gains   and   loses   on
available-for-sale  marketable  securities  for all periods  presented.  The tax
effects  for  other  comprehensive   income  were  immaterial  for  all  periods
presented.


                                             1999            1998          1997
                                                    (in thousands)
                                       ----------       ---------      --------

Accumulated other comprehensive
  income at beginning of year          $     471        $     42       $     5

Change of accumulated other
  comprehensive income
  during the year
     Unrealized gain (loss) on
     available-for-sale securities     $    (272)       $    429       $     37
                                       ----------       ---------      --------

Accumulated other comprehensive
  income at year end                   $     199        $    471       $     42
                                       ==========       =========      ========

Note 11: Subsequent Events

    On January 3, 2000,  the USIC  foundry was merged into UMC.  The Company had
invested  $51.2  million in USIC.  In exchange for its USIC shares,  the Company
received 111 million UMC shares.  These shares were valued at approximately $396
million at the time of the merger,  resulting  in a pretax gain of $344  million
($204  million  after-tax).  All of the UMC shares  received  by the Company are
subject to trading  restrictions  imposed by UMC and the Taiwan Stock  Exchange.
The trading  restrictions will expire on one-half of the shares six months after
the date of the merger.  The  remaining  shares will become  available for sale,
over a two year period beginning in January 2002. When the shares are ultimately
sold, it is likely that the Company will report additional gains or losses.





Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure

       Not applicable.


                                       58


<PAGE>


                                    PART III


Item 10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the REGISTRANT

    Directors.   Reference  is  made  to  the  information  regarding  directors
appearing  under the caption  "Election of Directors" in our Proxy Statement for
our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 11, 2000, which information
is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.  Information regarding executive
officers is set forth under "Executive  Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of
this10-K.


Item 11.      Executive Compensation

    The  information  required  by  this  item  is set  forth  under  "Executive
Compensation  and Related  Information"  in our Proxy  Statement  for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.


Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
              and Management

    The information required by this item is set forth under "Security Ownership
of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management"  in our Proxy  Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.


Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

    The  information  required  by this  item is set forth  under  "Compensation
Committee  Interlocks and Insider  Participation" and "Certain  Transactions" in
our  Proxy  Statement  for  the  Annual  Meeting  of   Stockholders,   which  is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                       59


<PAGE>



                                     PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

   (a)  Documents filed as part of this report

         1) All financial statements

          Index to Financial Statements                               Page
                                                                      ----
          Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors           39
          Consolidated Balance Sheets                                 40
          Consolidated Statements of Income                           41
          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity             42
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                       43
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                  44-58

         2)  Financial statement schedules

          Index to Financial Statement Schedules
          Financial Statement Schedules
            II.    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                  65

All other  schedules have been omitted  because the required  information is not
present or not  present  in amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of the
schedules,  or because the information  required is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

3)       Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

     Exhibit
     Number                                        Exhibit Title
3.1    Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended to date./2/
3.2    Form  of  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the
       Registrant./2/
3.3    Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended./2/
3.4    Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant/2/
3.5    Certificate  of  Designation  for  the  Series  A  Junior   Participating
       Preferred  Stock, as filed with the Delaware  Secretary of State on April
       24, 1997./4/
4.1    Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4./2/
4.3    Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement,  among the Registrant
       and the investors and founders named therein, dated March 3, 1995./2/
4.5    Series F Preferred Stock Purchase  Agreement between Seagate  Technology,
       Inc. and the Registrant, dated January 15, 1993./2/
4.8    Rights  Agreement,  dated as of April 18,  1997,  between the Company and
       Harris Trust and Savings Bank./4/
4.9    First  Amendment to Rights  Agreement  dated  October 22,  1999,  between
       Harris Trust and the Registrant./11/
9.1    Amended and  Restated  Voting  Agreement,  among the  Registrant  and the
       investors named therein, dated March 3, 1995./2/
10.10  License  Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and Dr. Eli  Harari,  dated
       September 6, 1988./2/
10.13  1989 Stock Benefit Plan./2/
10.14  1995 Stock Option Plan./2/
10.15  Employee Stock Purchase Plan./2/
10.16  1995 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan./2/

                                       60


<PAGE>



10.18  Lease Agreement between the Registrant and G.F.  Properties,  dated March
       1, 1996./3/
10.21  Amendment to Lease Agreement between the Registrant and G.F.  Properties,
       dated April 3, 1997./5/
10.23  Foundry   Venture   Agreement   between   the   Registrant   and   United
       Microelectronics Corporation, dated June 27, 1997./1, 6/
10.24  Written  Assurances Re: Foundry Venture  Agreement between the Registrant
       and United Microelectronics Corporation, dated September 13, 1995./1, 6/
10.25  Side Letter between Registrant and United  Microelectronics  Corporation,
       dated May 28, 1997./1, 6/
10.27  Clarification  letter with regards to Foundry Venture  Agreement  between
       the Registrant and United Microelectronics  Corporation dated October 24,
       1997./7/
10.28  Lease Agreement  between the Registrant and G.F.  Properties,  dated June
       10, 1998./8/
10.29  Trade  Finance  Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and  Union  Bank  of
       California, dated July 15, 1998./9/
10.30  1995 Stock Option Plan Amended and Restated as of December 17, 1998./12/
10.31  1995 Non-Employee  Directors Stock Option Plan Amended and Restated as of
       December 17, 1998./12/
10.32  1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Amended and Restated as of December 17,
       1998./12/
10.33  Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, between Harris Trust and the
       Registrant.
21.1   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1   Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP, Independent Auditors
27.1   Financial  Data  Schedule for the quarter  ended  December 31, 1999.  (In
       EDGAR format only)
- ----------

1.   Confidential treatment granted as to certain portions of these exhibits.
2.   Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's  Registration  Statement
     on Form S-1 (No. 33-96298).
3.   Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  1995 Annual Report on
     Form 10-K.
4.   Previously filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form
     8-K/A dated April 18, 1997.
5.   Previously  filed  as an  Exhibit  to the  Registrant's  Form  10-Q for the
     quarter ended June 30, 1997.
6.   Previously filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on form
     8-K dated October 16, 1997.
7.   Previously  filed  as an  Exhibit  to the  Registrant's  Form  10-Q for the
     quarter ended September 30, 1997.
8.   Previously  filed  as an  Exhibit  to the  Registrant's  Form  10-Q for the
     quarter ended June 30, 1998.
9.   Previously  filed  as an  Exhibit  to the  Registrant's  Form  10-Q for the
     quarter ended September 30, 1998.
10.  Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Annual Report on Form
     10-K.
11.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form
     8-K dated January 1, 1999.
12.  Previously  filed  as an  Exhibit  to the  Registrant's  Form  10-Q for the
     quarter ended March 31, 1999.

 (b)  Reports on Form 8-K


         During the quarter ended  December 31, 1999, we filed a current  report
on Form 8-K dated October 13, 1999,  reporting our third quarter 1999  earnings,
the Matsushita and Toshiba  collaboration,  the effects of the Taiwan Earthquake
and developments regarding Seagate Technology, Inc.



                                       61



<PAGE>





               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
25, 2000 with respect to the consolidated  financial  statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1999.



                                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 23, 2000




                                       62


<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


       Pursuant  to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                               SANDISK CORPORATION




                                       By:  /s/ Frank Calderoni
                                            ------------------------------
                                            Frank Calderoni
                                            Chief Financial Officer,
                                            Senior Vice President, Finance
                                            and Administration


DATED: March 23, 2000


                                                                  63


<PAGE>


                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

       KNOW ALL  PEOPLE BY THESE  PRESENTS,  that each  person  whose  signature
appears  below  constitutes  and  appoints  Dr. Eli Harari and Frank  Calderoni,
jointly and  severally,  his or her  attorneys  in fact,  each with the power of
substitution,  for him or her in any and all capacities,  to sign any amendments
to this Report on Form 10-K,  and to file the same,  with  exhibits  thereto and
other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys in
fact,  or his or her  substitute or  substitutes,  may do or cause to be done by
virtue thereof.

       Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended,  this Report has been signed below by the  following  persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                               <C>                                               <C>
               Signature                          Title                                   Date


By:  /s/ Dr. Eli Harari            President, Chief Executive Officer                March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (Dr. Eli Harari)                         and Director



By:  /s/ Irwin Federman                   Chairman of the Board                      March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (Irwin Federman)



By:  /s/ Frank Calderoni                Chief Financial Officer,                     March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------       Senior Vice President, Finance and
     (Frank Calderoni)             Administration (Principal Financial
                                       And Accounting Officer)


By:  /s/ William V. Campbell                    Director                             March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (William V. Campbell)


By:  /s/ Catherine P. Lego                      Director                             March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (Catherine P. Lego)


By:  /s/ Dr. James D. Meindl                    Director                             March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (Dr. James D. Meindl)


By:  /s/ Alan F. Shugart                        Director                             March 23, 2000
   ----------------------------
     (Alan F. Shugart)

</TABLE>



                                       64


<PAGE>


                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (In thousands)



                                                Additions
                                    Balance at  Charged to            Balance at
                                     Beginning   Costs and     *            End
               Description           of Period    Expenses Deductions  of Period
 --------------------------------   ----------   --------- ---------- ----------
 Allowance for doubtful accounts:
     Year ended December 31, 1997    $    593     $    204  $     41    $    756
     Year ended December 31, 1998    $    756     $    345  $     32    $  1,069
     Year ended December 31, 1999    $  1,069     $    945  $    143    $  1,871

 *Write offs



                                       65

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                    SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     Pursuant to Section 27 of the Rights  Agreement dated as of April 18, 1997,
as amended by the First  Amendment to the Rights  Agreement  dated as of October
22,  1998  (collectively,  the  "Agreement"),  between  SanDisk  Corporation,  a
Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and Harris Trust and Savings  Bank, an
Illinois banking corporation (the "Rights Agent"),  the Company,  and the Rights
Agent at the Company's direction,  hereby amend the Agreement as of December 17,
1999, as provided below.

     1. Exercise of Rights;  Purchase Price;  Expiration Date of Rights. Section
7(b) of the Agreement shall be amended as follows:

     a.   The number  "$65.00"  in the second  line shall be  replaced  with the
          number "$500.00".

     The undersigned officer of the Company, being an appropriate officer of the
Company and  authorized  to do so by resolution of the board of directors of the
Company dated as of December 17, 1999, hereby certifies to the Rights Agent that
these  amendments  are  in  compliance  with  the  terms  of  Section  27 of the
Agreement.



                               SANDISK CORPORATION


                               By        /s/ Cindy Burgdorf
                                         -----------------------
                               Name:     Cindy Burgdorf
                               Title:    Chief Financial Officer


ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK,
as Rights Agent


By:
         ----------------------
Name:
Title:



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SANDISK SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>



                   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT



                           1) SanDisk KK

                           2) SanDisk GMBH

                           3) SanDisk Israel

                           4) SanDisk Hong Kong

                           5) SanDisk International Sales, Inc.

                           6) SanDisk Foreign Sales Corporation

                           7) SanDisk Global, Ltd.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
<TEXT>




               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
25, 2000 with respect to the consolidated  financial  statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1999.



                                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 23, 2000


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>1999 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
     SanDisk Financial Data Schedule, December 31, 1999
</LEGEND>
<CIK>                         0001000180
<NAME>                                         SanDisk Corporation
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              Dec-31-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   Dec-31-1999
<CASH>                                         146,170
<SECURITIES>                                   311,049
<RECEIVABLES>                                  54,305
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,871
<INVENTORY>                                    35,679
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               568,390
<PP&E>                                         58,105
<DEPRECIATION>                                 26,317
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 657,724
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          85,597
<BONDS>                                        0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       524,131
<OTHER-SE>                                     47,996
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   657,724
<SALES>                                        205,770
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               41,220
<CGS>                                          152,143
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               64,762
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                39,626
<INCOME-TAX>                                   13,076
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            26,550
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   26,550
<EPS-BASIC>                                  0.48
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.43



</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
