-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FMoRfU4rC2hM1+QVeoNIu3NZhMSWlj+Omm4xowA7Yhmwk+dzEmsWRVCQ7mr2ukVS
 EG8yvS/NhQO9MC9aC/6/tA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/0000891618-00-004850/0000891618-00-004850.txt : 20001017
<SEC-HEADER>0000891618-00-004850.hdr.sgml : 20001017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891618-00-004850
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20001013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTUIT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [7372
]		IRS NUMBER:				770034661
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		10-K405
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21180
			FILM NUMBER:		740281
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		2535 GARCIA AVE
				CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
				STATE:			CA
				ZIP:			94043
				BUSINESS PHONE:		4159446000
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		PO BOX 7850
					CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
					STATE:			CA
					ZIP:			94039-7850
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f64477e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K QUARTER ENDED JULY 31, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

    [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000 OR

    [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-21180
                                  INTUIT INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>
                    DELAWARE                                        77-0034661
            (STATE OF INCORPORATION)                    (IRS EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
</TABLE>

                  2535 GARCIA AVENUE, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94043
          (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES, INCLUDING ZIP CODE)

                                 (650) 944-6000
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:   None
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:   Common Stock, $0.01 par value
                                                              Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
</TABLE>

    Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [X]

    As of September 29, 2000, there were 206,281,121 shares of the Registrant's
common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding. This is the only outstanding class
of common stock of the Registrant. As of that date, the aggregate market value
of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (based on
the closing price of $57.00 for the common stock as quoted by the Nasdaq
National Market on such date), was approximately $10,600,035,666.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

    Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held in December 2000 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this report on Form 10-K.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2

                             FISCAL 2000 FORM 10-K

                                  INTUIT INC.

                                     INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  ITEM                                                                  PAGE
  ----                                                                  ----
<S>       <C>                                                           <C>
                                PART I
ITEM 1:   Business....................................................    3
ITEM 2:   Properties..................................................   15
ITEM 3:   Legal Proceedings...........................................   16
ITEM 4:   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........   16
ITEM 4A:  Executive Officers of the Registrant........................   16
                               PART II
          Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
ITEM 5:   Stockholder Matters.........................................   20
ITEM 6:   Selected Financial Data.....................................   21
          Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
ITEM 7:   and Results of Operations...................................   22
          Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
ITEM 7A:  Risk........................................................   39
ITEM 8:   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................   41
          Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
ITEM 9:   and Financial Disclosure....................................   74
                               PART III
ITEM 10:  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........   74
ITEM 11:  Executive Compensation......................................   74
          Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
ITEM 12:  Management..................................................   74
ITEM 13:  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..............   74
                               PART IV
          Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form
ITEM 14:  8-K.........................................................   74
Signatures............................................................   78
</TABLE>

    Intuit, the Intuit logo, Quicken, QuickBooks, QuickBooks Pro, TurboTax,
ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered
service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Quicken.com,
QuickenInsurance, Quicken Loans and QuickenStore, among others, are trademarks
and/or service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries.

                                        2
<PAGE>   3

                  CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

    Throughout this Form 10-K, you will find "forward-looking" statements, or
statements about events or circumstances that have not yet occurred. In some
cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may,"
"might," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes,"
"estimates," "predicts," "potential" or "continue," and other similar terms.
These forward-looking statements may include, among other things, projections of
our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and anticipated trends
in our businesses. These statements are only predictions, based on our current
expectations about future events. Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, performance or achievements or that predictions or current expectations
will be accurate. These forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties, and our actual results, performance or achievements could differ
materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
The important factors that could cause our results to differ are discussed under
the section entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations -- Risks That Could Affect Future Results,"
beginning on page 32. We encourage you to read that section carefully. We will
not necessarily update information in this Form 10-K if any forward-looking
statement later turns out to be inaccurate.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

CORPORATE BACKGROUND

    Intuit began operations in March 1983 and was incorporated in California in
March 1984. In March 1993, we reincorporated in Delaware and completed our
initial public offering. Our principal executive offices are located at 2535
Garcia Avenue, Mountain View, California, 94043, and our telephone number is
(650) 944-6000. When we refer to "we" or "Intuit" in this Form 10-K, we mean the
current Delaware corporation (Intuit Inc.) and its California predecessor, as
well as all of our consolidated subsidiaries.

                               BUSINESS OVERVIEW

INTUIT'S MISSION: REVOLUTIONIZING FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS MANAGEMENT

    Intuit's mission is to revolutionize how people manage their financial lives
and small businesses manage their businesses. We strive to offer innovative
products and services that drive fundamental changes in how individuals and
small businesses manage their activities -- changes so profound that our
customers can't imagine going back to the "old way" of doing things.

    We offer a variety of small business, tax preparation and personal finance
software products and related products and services that enable people and small
businesses to revolutionize how they manage their activities. Our products and
services include QuickBooks(R), Quicken(R), Quicken TurboTax(R), ProSeries(R)
and Lacerte(R) desktop software products, as well as an expanding array of
Internet-based products and services, including QuickBooks Deluxe Payroll
service, QuickBooks Internet Gateway services, our Site Builder website tool,
Quicken TurboTax for the Web, Quicken.com(SM), Quicken Loans(SM) and
QuickenInsurance(SM). Details about our products and services are provided
beginning on page 5.

                                        3
<PAGE>   4

BUSINESS STRATEGY AND KEY INITIATIVES

    We accomplish our mission by identifying common but complex customer
problems, and developing simple, easy-to-use solutions that can be marketed to
large numbers of customers. Here are two key principles we follow as we drive to
be the best we can be:

    - CONTINUE TO CHANGE OUR MINDSET IN ORDER TO INNOVATE AND GROW.

     Achieving our objectives requires us to continually evaluate and change the
     way we think about our businesses, in order to keep pace with our
     customers' evolving needs and changes in the markets we serve. For example,
     we are redefining the markets in which we participate in order to drive
     growth. We are broadening our focus from single point products, such as our
     QuickBooks desktop accounting software, to more comprehensive customer
     solutions -- small business management tools that include QuickBooks
     complemented by financial supplies, Site Builder, online payroll services
     and the QuickBooks Internet Gateway. Other examples of our changing mindset
     are our shift from exclusively desktop solutions to products and services
     for both desktop and Web platforms; and the expansion of our strategic
     relationships with third parties that allow us to provide a broader set of
     solutions to our customers.

    - ACHIEVE SUSTAINABLE COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE IN EACH OF OUR BUSINESSES.

     We believe that achieving sustainable competitive advantage is the key to
     reaching our long-term growth and profitability goals. Accordingly, in each
     of our businesses we seek to identify and exploit important advantages that
     differentiate us from our competitors and that are built into the structure
     of the business. Examples of sustainable competitive advantage include
     quickly achieving industry-leading volume in businesses with high fixed
     costs and low marginal costs, and pursuing businesses with a strong
     "network effect," where more value is created for all customers as more
     customers adopt our solution.

    Following are four key initiatives that are fundamental to all of our
business activities:

    1. SOLVE CUSTOMER PROBLEMS THROUGH INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS.

       We strive to solve complex customer problems with innovative and easy-to
       use solutions. For example, establishing a web presence has been a
       complicated and expensive challenge for many small businesses. Our Site
       Builder website creation tool gives small businesses a fast, easy and
       affordable way to build and manage a professional-looking website. As
       another example, preparing tax returns is a complex, paper-intensive
       process involving extensive manual data entry. Through our innovative "10
       Minute Tax Return" vision, we are striving to create a seamless,
       end-to-end electronic solution by enabling electronic downloads of
       relevant tax data -- such as W-2 information from employers and 1099
       information from financial institutions.

    2. DRIVE GREAT CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE THROUGH OPERATIONAL RIGOR.

       Our goal is to deliver the best possible customer service and experience
       in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. By taking advantage our
       operational infrastructure and processes, we strive to consistently
       deliver this result to our customers. Our organization consists of
       business divisions that have responsibility for the total customer
       experience, from product development through marketing and sales, and
       ongoing customer service and support. For the functional organizations
       that support our business divisions (such as manufacturing and data
       center operations), we strive to achieve organization-wide learning in
       order to share experience and knowledge across all our business
       divisions. We recognize the need to be both a "small" company and a "big"
       company, to foster a fast, innovative, entrepreneurial culture, while
       effectively taking advantage of the opportunities offered by our size and
       scale.

                                        4
<PAGE>   5

    3. USE TECHNOLOGY TO SHAPE STRATEGY AND DELIVER MORE VALUE TO CUSTOMERS,
EMPLOYEES AND SHAREHOLDERS.

       We believe our use of technology is a competitive advantage. We use
       technology to create better and more innovative products and services, to
       expand and improve our delivery channels, to improve our customer
       interactions, and to enhance our operational effectiveness.

    4. PROVIDE A GREAT PLACE TO WORK THAT ATTRACTS GREAT PEOPLE.

       Our employees are the key to our success. We strive to maintain a
       productive and performance oriented work environment that supports
       employee growth and development, recognizes and rewards contributions,
       and reinforces positive individual and team dynamics.

                             PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

    Intuit offers products and services through four principal business
divisions: Small Business, Tax, Consumer Finance and International.

SMALL BUSINESS DIVISION

    QuickBooks and QuickBooks Pro(R) Software. Our QuickBooks product line
brings extensive bookkeeping capabilities to small business users in an
easy-to-use design that does not require customers to be familiar with
debit/credit accounting. QuickBooks Pro products address the needs of U.S. small
businesses that are project, job or time based, that require a multi-user
product or that desire more extensive features. In January 2000, we launched
QuickBooks 2000, which features the QuickBooks Internet Gateway platform of
online small businesses services, as well as the Site Builder website creation
tool.

    Internet-Based Small Business Services. The QuickBooks Internet Gateway
platform gives our QuickBooks 2000 customers direct access to a broad range of
online "e-service" offerings from third-party vendors that address the specific
needs of small businesses. We currently offer over a dozen Gateway services,
including the QuickBooks Merchant Account Service, which enables small
businesses to accept credit card payments from their customers; the QuickBooks
Postage Service, which allows customers to purchase postage electronically; and
the QuickBooks Shopping Source, which enables customers to find, compare and
purchase office supplies and other small business products and services from
within QuickBooks 2000. Gateway vendors pay us a placement fee and/or a portion
of their Gateway-generated revenues to participate.

    QuickBooks 2000 also features the Site Builder website creation tool, a
subscription service that enables small businesses to set up and maintain
professional-looking web sites quickly and inexpensively. Site Builder is also
available on a stand-alone basis for customers who do not use QuickBooks. We
plan to use Site Builder as the platform for Site Solutions, an expanded range
of e-services that Intuit expects to begin offering during fiscal 2001.

    Our Internet-based small business services are strategically important to
Intuit as a way to expand our customer base and generate more revenue and profit
per customer. However, there are business risks associated with these services,
including whether customers will accept the new and proposed services, and
whether the third party vendors that participate in the services will be
satisfied with the benefits they receive from the services. See "Risks That
Could Affect Future Results."

    Payroll Services. We offer several payroll services for small businesses.
Our Basic Payroll Service is a payroll tax table subscription service for small
business customers that need current tax tables to prepare their own payrolls.
Our QuickBooks Deluxe Payroll Service is an online payroll services that handles
all aspects of payroll processing, including tax payments. It is fully
integrated with QuickBooks, so customer data entry is minimized. Our Premier
Payroll Service provides traditional, full service payroll processing, tax
payment and check delivery services on a "private label" basis to customers of
participating financial institutions. While the payroll processing business
provides us with a significant opportunity to generate recurring revenue, there
are business risks associated with it,

                                        5
<PAGE>   6

including increased operating expenses, the potential loss of customers and
liability exposure if we make payroll processing errors. See "Risks That Could
Affect Future Results."

    QuickBooks Support Network ("QBSN"). QBSN(SM) is our subscription-based
technical support program for QuickBooks users. The program reflects our belief
that high-quality customer support tailored to the specific requirements of
small businesses has the potential to be a profitable and strategically
important business, and can also help us control technical support costs.
Although QBSN has become a growing source of incremental recurring revenue for
us, we face ongoing challenges in improving customer satisfaction and
subscription renewal levels.

    Financial Supplies. We offer a range of financial supplies designed for use
with our small business and consumer finance desktop software products. Supplies
include paper checks, envelopes, invoices, business forms, deposit slips and
rubber stamps. Many products can incorporate small business' custom company
logos and offer a variety of color, font and design options.

    Since September 1995, we have had an exclusive contract with John H. Harland
Company to print all of our checks and other imprinted products. We renegotiated
the contract in January 2000 and extended it for an additional five years. The
products provided by Harland accounted for about 75% of our supplies revenue in
fiscal 1999 and 2000. We believe our relationship with Harland is strong, and
the renegotiated terms of the contract are favorable to Intuit. However, if
there are any problems with Harland's performance, it could have a material
negative impact on sales of supplies and on Intuit as a whole.

TAX DIVISION

    Desktop Consumer Tax Software. Our Quicken TurboTax desktop products are
designed to make it easy and fast for individuals and small business owners to
prepare their own federal and state personal and business income tax returns.
Our tax products are designed to be easy to use, but sophisticated enough for
complicated tax returns.

    Web-Based Consumer Tax Preparation and Electronic Filing Services. Quicken
TurboTax for the Web is an interactive tax preparation service that allows
individual taxpayers to prepare their federal and state income tax returns
entirely online. This service is enabling us to reach a different segment of
consumer tax customers than those who use our desktop products, as more than 80%
of Quicken TurboTax for the Web tax filers in fiscal 2000 were new customers for
Intuit. Customers of our desktop and web-based tax preparation software can file
their federal (and most state) tax returns electronically through our electronic
filing center. Demand for online tax preparation and electronic filing has
increased dramatically during the past two tax seasons. While our service
reliability and responsiveness were very good during fiscal 2000, we must
continue to expand our capacity and scale the infrastructure to accommodate
significant future growth in customer demand, while maintaining high service
levels.

    During the 1998 tax year, we initiated the Quicken Tax Freedom Project, a
philanthropic public service initiative designed to address the "Digital
Divide," under which we provide online tax preparation and electronic filing
services at no charge to federal and state tax filers with adjusted gross
incomes of $20,000 or less. We expanded the scope of this program during the
1999 tax year to include anyone who filed a Form 1040EZ, regardless of income
level.

    Professional Tax Software. Our ProSeries and Lacerte tax products are
designed for tax professionals who prepare tax returns for their individual and
business clients. Our ProSeries products emphasize ease-of-use and feature data
entry on government form facsimiles. Lacerte products emphasize efficiency and
feature customer-tailored data sheet entry. Customers can elect to license
professional tax products for a single fee for unlimited annual use or to use
them on a "pay-per-return" basis. ProSeries and Lacerte customers can file their
returns through our electronic filing services.

    In an effort to broaden our relationship with the accountants that use our
professional tax software, in October 2000, we announced IntuitAdvisor(SM), a
website channel designed for professional accountants. This subscription-

                                        6
<PAGE>   7

based website, which is expected to launch in December 2000, will offer services
to enable professional tax preparers to better manage and grow their businesses.
For example, the service will be able to help professional tax preparers set up
internal "Intranet" sites to enable them to share information and data with
their clients.

CONSUMER FINANCE DIVISION

    Quicken Software. Our Quicken line of desktop software products help users
organize, understand and manage their personal finances. Quicken allows
customers to reconcile bank accounts, record credit card and other transactions,
and track investments, mortgages and other assets and liabilities. Many
customers use Quicken products to manage their home-based businesses. We also
give Quicken customers easy access to a range of financially-oriented third
party products and services, from within the Quicken desktop product, through
our Quicken Internet Gateway service.

    Quicken.com. Quicken.com is our primary personal finance website and is
freely accessible to the public. It enables customers to automate financial
management tasks and make better financial decisions by giving them software
tools, resources and objective information about a variety of personal finance
topics, including investing, mortgage, insurance, taxes, banking and retirement,
in a single online destination. Quicken.com content is created by Intuit as well
as by third party publishers and financial experts. We do not currently charge
customers a fee to access most features on Quicken.com, but we receive revenue
from financial institutions and other companies that advertise and/or sell their
products or services through links from Quicken.com.

    Quicken Loans. Quicken Loans combines our former QuickenMortgage(SM)
business with the online and traditional lending business of Rock Financial
Corporation. We acquired Rock in December 1999 in a "pooling of interests"
transaction, which means that in our financial statements, Rock's results from
prior years are combined with Intuit's results from prior years. See Note 3 of
the financial statements. Through Quicken Loans, consumers can shop and apply
for residential mortgages through the Quicken Loans website or by telephone
(which we consider our "online" business), or through traditional branch offices
(for Michigan residents only). We offer a variety of loans, including fixed rate
and adjustable conventional home purchase loans, FHA loans, refinance and home
equity loans, and sub-prime loans.

    With the establishment of Quicken Loans, we shifted our mortgage business
from a "referral" model, under which Intuit relayed customers' application
information to participating lenders for processing and funding, to a "direct"
model, under which Intuit manages the entire loan process from origination
through funding, and then sells the loans and post-closing servicing obligations
in bulk to participating financial institutions. The direct model allows us to
offer our consumers a more seamless experience, and also enables us to increase
our revenue per loan. During fiscal 2000, we continued a transition process,
which Rock began in January 1999, of shifting resources from branch offices to
focus on the website and call center -- a process which included consolidating
some of the branch office operations and closing approximately 25 branch
offices. As a result, the percentage of our mortgage revenue generated and
processed online and/or through the call center increased from 18% in fiscal
1999 to 37% in fiscal 2000, although our total mortgage revenue declined
significantly. Over the next several years, we expect the percentage of our
mortgage revenue generated online will continue to increase, with more rapid
growth in online revenues relative to growth in branch-based revenue. See
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations -- Net Revenue by Business Divisions -- Consumer Finance Division."

    Our mortgage business is subject to a number of risks, including risks
associated with our Internet-based businesses generally, and fluctuations in
mortgage rates and other interest rates. See "Risks That Could Affect Future
Results."

    QuickenInsurance. Our QuickenInsurance website enables customers to educate
themselves about, and shop for, insurance products online. We receive initial
implementation fees, ongoing annual participation fees and transaction-based
fees (for referrals and purchases) from participating carriers, and some
carriers also pay us fees for

                                        7
<PAGE>   8

data processing and other administrative services. Users can currently receive
quotes and apply for term life insurance from 12 national carriers in 50 states
and Washington, D.C. Auto insurance quotes are currently available in 38 states
(covering about 95% of the U.S. population), and online purchase for auto
insurance is available from two carriers in 34 states (about 80% of the
population). Consumers can also purchase from eight auto insurance carriers in
17 states (covering about 60% of the U.S. population) through the carriers' call
centers. Progress for our auto insurance business has been slow. Future success
will require us to offer a greater choice of quoting carriers in each state, and
to provide online purchase or call center fulfillment capability in more states.
While we have plans in place to increase carriers and purchasing options, we
expect to face continuing challenges in implementing these plans.

    Bill Management Services and other Online Transactions. Our online
transactions business includes a range of services, including web-based bill
presentment and payment services, desktop bill payment services, online banking
services, and the Quicken credit card. In August 2000 we acquired Venture
Finance Software Corp., a joint venture company in which we were a 49%
non-voting equity holder. VFSC developed the technology for our web-based bill
presentment and payment services. See Note 20 of the financial statements. We
believe there is significant opportunity for revenue growth in bill management
services. However, the timing of widespread consumer and biller adoption of bill
management services may still be years away.

INTERNATIONAL DIVISION

    Through our International Division, Intuit has a direct presence in Japan,
Canada and the UK. We reach markets across Europe, Southeast Asia and other
selected locations through relationships with third parties. During the past few
years, we have narrowed our strategic focus to fewer products (primarily small
business products) in fewer international markets. We have also established
important third-party relationships with local companies in selected locations
to help us better address specific markets -- including a comprehensive third
party development, marketing and distribution arrangement with Lexware (a
subsidiary of Rudolf Haufe Publishing), a leading business software company in
Germany, that we entered into in June 1999, and a multi-year comprehensive third
party development, marketing and distribution arrangement with Reckon, a leading
business software company in Australia. Our international operations are subject
to a unique set of risks and challenges, including potential volatility in the
political and economic conditions of foreign countries and the need to address
unique user requirements in various countries. See "Risks That Could Affect
Future Results."

    Japan. The principal products offered by Intuit KK, our Japanese subsidiary,
are Yayoi(R), a small business accounting product that addresses the middle
segment of the small business market in Japan, as well as a localized version of
QuickBooks that is targeted at the lower end of the small business market. Sales
of Yayoi products also generate recurring revenue from ongoing support contracts
that are sold with the software.

    Canada. We offer localized versions of QuickBooks and Quicken in Canada, as
well as QuickTax consumer and professional tax products. We also have a
relationship with Rogers Media, Inc., a leading media company in Canada, under
which we offer Quicken.ca(SM), a personal finance website with content similar
to Quicken.com.

    Europe. We offer localized versions of QuickBooks and Quicken through our
office in the United Kingdom. We serve selected European markets with localized
versions of QuickBooks and Quicken through our relationship with Lexware in
Germany and through other local distributors and agents. Lexware develops and
markets products and services for Intuit in Germany under the Intuit brand. We
believe that Lexware's local expertise will enable us to deliver products and
services that are more customized for the German market.

    Southeast Asia. We offer localized versions of QuickBooks and Quicken
products in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, and Singapore, as well as other
parts of Southeast Asia through our relationship with Reckon. This relationship
includes rights relating to Quicken.com in these territories.

                                        8
<PAGE>   9

                              PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

    During the past few years, we have devoted significant resources to
developing and expanding new products and services, including QuickBooks
Internet Gateway, Site Builder, QuickBooks Deluxe Payroll Service, electronic
tax filing for states, and our Quicken.com, Quicken Loans and QuickenInsurance
websites, as well as enhancing our desktop software products. Our total research
and development expenses as a percentage of net revenue were approximately 15%
during each of the last three fiscal years.

    The expansion of our Internet-based products and services has had a
significant impact on our development process. Our desktop software products
tend to have a fairly predictable, structured development cycle of about 12 - 18
months. Once new products are released, they generally are not modified (except
to fix bugs) until the next scheduled product upgrade. However, the development
process for Internet-based products is much more rapid, much less predictable,
and has much shorter development cycles. In addition, Internet-based products
and services must incorporate technology to address customer concerns about
privacy and security.

    Over the next few years, we expect that our research and development efforts
will continue to focus on moving the functionality of our desktop products to
the Internet, and adding complementary products and services that can drive
additional, and often recurring revenue, from our core products. Examples of
incremental revenue sources include financial supplies and payroll services for
our QuickBooks customers, electronic filing and state tax products for our
Quicken TurboTax customers, and mortgage, insurance and bill payment services
for our Quicken customers. While much of our product development is done
internally, we supplement our internal development efforts by acquiring
strategically important products and technology from third parties, or
establishing other relationships that enable us to expand our business more
rapidly.

    The development process for our products and services is complex and
involves some risks, including challenges in hiring and retaining highly
qualified technical employees, possible delays in product or service launches,
challenges posed by Internet-based products and services, as well as potential
"bugs." The development of tax preparation software presents a unique challenge
because of the demanding annual development cycle required to incorporate annual
tax law changes each year. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

                       MARKETING, SALES AND DISTRIBUTION

MARKETS

    The markets that we compete in, particularly in the Internet area, are
characterized by rapidly changing customer demands, continuous technological
changes and improvements, shifting industry standards and frequent new product
introductions by other companies. In particular, the Internet has greatly
enhanced the ability of customers to make product and price comparisons,
shifting more power to consumers. Market and industry changes can quickly render
existing products and services obsolete, so our marketing success depends on our
ability to respond rapidly to these changes with new or enhanced products and
services, new distribution methods, different competitive strategies and other
appropriate changes to the way we do business.

RETAIL DISTRIBUTION

    We market our desktop software in North America through traditional retail
software outlets, computer superstores, office and warehouse clubs and general
mass merchandisers, as well as through "e-tailers" that take customer orders for
products on their websites. In international markets, we also rely on
distributors, value-added resellers and other third parties, who sell products
into the retail channel.

    During the past several years, there has been some consolidation among
retailers, which has resulted in several large retailers and mass merchandisers
with significant bargaining power. We expect to face ongoing challenges in
negotiating retail relationships, and in ensuring good access to retail
distribution channels, in fiscal 2001 and

                                        9
<PAGE>   10

beyond. See "Competition," and "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."
However, we continue to benefit from strong relationships with a number of major
retailers, which allows us to minimize our dependency on any specific retailers.
No retailer accounted for 10% or more of our revenue during the past three
fiscal years, and only one distributor met this threshold. (Ingram Micro Inc.
accounted for 15% in fiscal 1998, 16% in fiscal 1999 and 10% in fiscal 2000.) We
expect to rely less on distributors in future years as we ship more of our
products directly to individual retail locations. See "Manufacturing and
Distribution."

    We generally ship substantially more products to our retailers than we
expect them to sell in order to reduce the risk that they will run out of
products. This is particularly true for our tax products. As a result, we
experience significant levels of product returns from the retail channel. See
"Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

DIRECT AND ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION

    We use direct sales campaigns (such as direct-mail and telephone
solicitations, direct-response newspaper and magazine advertising, and
television and radio advertising) to generate software orders, stimulate retail
demand and generally maintain and increase consumer awareness of our products.
Direct marketing campaigns are one of the most effective ways to encourage
software upgrades and the purchase of new products and services by existing
customers. Direct sales frequently generate significantly higher revenue per
unit than retail sales, but this also means that aggressive retail pricing (such
as we have seen in the consumer tax area) can harm our direct sales efforts.
Direct sales make up a significant portion of total desktop software revenue,
accounting for more than a third of our desktop revenues in fiscal 2000.

    Many of our direct customers choose to order and/or take delivery of
products electronically through our QuickenStore(SM), Intuit Market.com and
other websites. Electronic ordering and delivery are convenient for customers
and more cost-efficient for Intuit. Electronic delivery has been a particularly
effective method of distribution for our Quicken TurboTax state tax preparation
products. During fiscal 2000, approximately 11% of our total net revenue was
generated by products ordered and/or delivered electronically. We may be
required to make additional investments in our direct distribution operations in
order to comply with evolving requirements relating to customer privacy and
security. See "Risks that Could Affect Future Results."

OEM, FRANCHISE/CORPORATE AND ADVERTISING SALES

    We have relationships with a number of OEMs, or "original equipment
manufacturers," that enable us to generate sales of Intuit products in two ways.
First, the OEMs "pre-bundle" entry-level versions of our products on the
computer systems that the OEMs sell to their customers. Although these
"prebundled" OEM sales sometimes generate little revenue for Intuit (due to the
low prices that the OEMs may pay for the products), and reduce profitability in
the short term, they are strategically important because they are a good source
of new customers. The second source of revenue from the OEM channel is "after
sale" programs, where customers who are purchasing custom-configured computers
can select and purchase software products that they want to have pre-installed.
This is an attractive distribution channel for us, as revenues generally reflect
retail pricing but our costs are relatively low. We currently sell QuickBooks
and higher-end Quicken products through after-sale programs, and we expect to
expand our OEM after-sale program in fiscal 2001.

    We have a franchise/corporate direct sales program through which we make
products and services available to a large number of individual users under a
license with the franchise or corporation with which the users are associated.
For example, we offer QuickBooks products and related services, such as payroll
and QuickBooks Support Network, to individual small businesses under a franchise
or corporate license. Although fiscal 2000 revenues from this channel were not
material, we believe franchise and corporate sales will become a important new
distribution channel (especially for our small business products and services)
over the next several years.

                                       10
<PAGE>   11

    A small but increasing portion of our revenue comes from the sale of
advertising and sponsorships on Quicken.com, as well as advertising within our
desktop products. As this source of revenue has grown, we have developed a small
internal sales force with media and services sales skills.

                                  COMPETITION

OVERVIEW

    We face intense competition from many companies in almost all of our
business areas, both domestically and internationally. Many of our competitors
have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we
do, and the competitive landscape can shift rapidly, particularly in Internet
products and services. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    We believe the most important competitive factors for our desktop software
are product features, ease of use, the size of the installed customer base,
quality and reliability, brand name recognition, timing of product launches
compared to competitors (particularly for tax products), price, quality of
technical support services and access to distribution channels. We believe we
compete effectively on most of these factors, as our three principal desktop
software products (QuickBooks, Quicken TurboTax, and Quicken) are the leading
products in the retail sales channel for their respective categories.

    For our Internet-based products, and services, we believe the most important
competitive factors are speed in getting new products and services to market,
the ability to distribute them effectively (through generating website traffic
or through traditional retail and direct distribution), brand name recognition,
product features and ease of use. Although some of our Internet-based product
and service offerings, such as Quicken TurboTax for the Web and electronic
filing services, have initially established strong competitive positions, the
markets for Internet-based products and services are still emerging and the
competitive landscape is constantly evolving.

SMALL BUSINESS DIVISION

    The major domestic competitor for our small business accounting software is
currently Peachtree Software, which is owned by The Sage Group PLC, a major
accounting software competitor based in the United Kingdom and Germany. We also
face competition from web-based accounting software. Despite competitive
pressures, according to statistics published by PC Data, QuickBooks accounted
for more than 85% of unit sales of small business accounting desktop software in
the retail channel from August 1999 through July 2000.

    Our Premier Payroll Service competes with traditional payroll services
offered by a number of companies, including Paychex and ADP. Our Deluxe Payroll
Service competes with other web-based payroll services. Peachtree and others
also offer tax table subscription services that compete with our Basic Payroll
Service.

    Our financial supplies business competes with a number of business forms
companies, such as New England Business Service and Deluxe Business Systems, as
well as with direct mail check printers and banks and a number of smaller-scale
Internet-based printing companies. In addition, our QuickBooks products include
some features (such as customizable invoicing) that compete with our supplies
products. Also, online bill payment services, and online payroll services with
direct deposit capabilities (including services offered by or through Intuit)
offer competitive alternatives to printed checks. Significant competitive
factors for the supplies business include ordering convenience, distribution
channels, product quality, speed of delivery and price. We believe convenient
access to our large QuickBooks and Quicken customer bases is a significant
competitive advantage for us.

TAX DIVISION

    Competition in consumer tax is intense, and has been increasing over the
past several years. Our major domestic competitors for desktop consumer tax
software during fiscal 2000 were H&R Block (the makers of TaxCut

                                       11
<PAGE>   12

software) and Microsoft (with its TaxSaver product). Despite intense
competition, our Quicken TurboTax products accounted for approximately 68% of
unit sales of desktop consumer tax preparation software in the retail channel
from August 1999 through July 2000 (according to statistics published by PC
Data) -- only a one-point decline from the prior year. For web-based tax
preparation, H&R Block was our primary competitor in fiscal 2000. Web-based tax
preparation is a relatively new service, and we expect the competitive landscape
to evolve as more competitors enter the market and as others consolidate. We
also face potential competitive challenges from electronic tax preparation and
filing services that the government may seek to offer. However, countervailing
developments have also occurred, as some government tax agencies in the past
year abandoned their previous plans to try to duplicate private sector services.
See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    The professional tax preparation software marketplace has many competitors.
Our largest competitors in the U.S. are CCH Incorporated, with its Computax
product line, and RIA, with its Fast-Tax and Creative Solutions offerings. We
face an ongoing challenge in obtaining new professional tax customers, because
of the time and expense involved for professional tax preparers to switch to a
new product. In the past, the professional tax market has been highly
fragmented, but it has experienced some consolidation in recent years, including
acquisitions by Intuit. See Note 3 of the financial statements.

CONSUMER FINANCE DIVISION

    In desktop consumer finance software, Microsoft is currently our primary
domestic competitor. We also face competition from web-based personal finance
tracking and management tools that are becoming increasingly available at no
cost to consumers. Despite competitive pressures, according to statistics
published by PC Data, Quicken accounted for approximately 80% of unit sales of
desktop personal finance software in the retail channel from August 1999 through
July 2000.

    There are many competitors for our other consumer finance products and
services, particularly for our Internet products and services. Our Quicken.com
site competes for traffic with online financial publishers and the financial
areas on numerous online services such as Yahoo!, as well as
financially-oriented websites such as Microsoft's Money Central. We also face
increasing competition from financial institutions that are developing their own
financial software and websites. Similarly, government agencies such as the U.S.
Postal Service have entered the market in the past year, offering commercial
electronic financial services to consumers, such as electronic bill payment and
presentment. Our online mortgage and insurance businesses compete with
traditional providers of mortgage and insurance products, as well as with other
online services. In the online arena, we compete with a number of smaller
companies with a very narrow product focus, as well as larger, more diversified
companies. For example, Quicken Loans competes with E-LOAN and Countrywide
Credit Industries, Inc., and QuickenInsurance competes with Insweb and
Quotesmith.

INTERNATIONAL DIVISION

    In Japan, our primary competitors in the small business accounting arena are
OBC, PCA and Sorimachi. In Canada, we face competition from a number of
companies in the small business arena, including Computer Associates
International, Inc. and MYOB Group. The primary competitor for our tax business
is CCH and our primary competitor in the personal finance area is Microsoft. In
Europe, we face strong competition from The Sage Group PLC (based in the United
Kingdom), Bhuldata (Wiso) and Microsoft in the small business market, as well as
competition from web-based accounting products that are becoming available. This
increasing competition may have a more significant impact on our international
business in the future, as the focus of our European business is shifting
towards the small business market. Many of the competitors identified above,
including MYOB, Sage and Microsoft, also compete with us in other international
markets.

                                       12
<PAGE>   13

                     CUSTOMER SERVICE AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT

    We provide customer service and technical support by telephone, fax,
electronic mail and the Web. We have full-time customer service and technical
support staffs for each of our business divisions, which we supplement with
seasonal employees and outsourcing during periods of peak call volumes (such as
during the tax return filing season, or following a major product launch).

    During the past few years, we have focused on developing support
capabilities that can supplement, or in some situations replace, telephone
service and support. For example, customers who are connected to the Internet
can use our website to find answers to commonly asked questions, check on the
status of a product order and receive bug fixes electronically. Alternative
service and support methods are less expensive for us and are often more
efficient and effective for customers as well. In addition, except for product
installation or product defect issues, we generally charge customers for
technical support, and these fee-for-support programs have helped control our
technical support costs.

    Despite our efforts to adequately staff and equip our customer service and
technical support operations, we cannot always respond promptly to customer
requests for assistance. When we experience customer service and support
problems, they can adversely affect customer relationships and our financial
results. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

                         MANUFACTURING AND DISTRIBUTION

DESKTOP SOFTWARE

    The major steps involved in manufacturing desktop software are duplicating
CDs and disks, printing manuals and boxes, and assembling and shipping the final
products. We outsource most of these tasks to vendors who are required to follow
our strict quality guidelines. We have a small in-house manufacturing and
shipping facility to handle low-volume products, and to handle shipments for
direct sales orders after the initial product launch orders are filled. Our
retail product launches have become operationally more complex over the past few
years. We have evolved from shipping to a few hundred distribution centers (with
distributors delivering products to individual retail locations) to a "direct to
storefront" model in which we ship products directly to thousands of individual
retail locations. This allows us to be more responsive to the needs of our
retail accounts. We have a manufacturing and distribution agreement with Modus
Media International, Inc. that covers all outsourced aspects of our retail
launches for QuickBooks, Quicken TurboTax, and Quicken. Modus has operations in
multiple locations to provide redundancy, and, with our permission, they may
work with other vendors to handle selected aspects of the product launches.
While we believe that using a single vendor for our three primary retail product
launches improves the efficiency and reliability of our product launches,
reliance on one vendor can have severe negative consequences if the vendor fails
to perform for any reason.

    We have multiple sources for all of our raw materials and availability has
not been a problem for us in the past. Prior to major product releases, we tend
to have significant levels of backlog, but at other times backlog is minimal and
we normally ship products within a few days of receiving an order. Because of
this fluctuation in backlog, we believe that backlog is not an important measure
of our future sales.

INTERNET-BASED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

    Intuit's data centers house the systems, networks and databases required to
operate and deliver our Internet-based products and services. Through our data
centers, we connect customers to products and services, and we store the vast
amount of data that represents the content on our websites. Our data centers
consist of approximately 1,700 servers and 200 databases located primarily in
three locations. In an effort to minimize unavailability,

                                       13
<PAGE>   14

or "down time" for our Internet-based products and services, we follow
industry-standard practices for creating a fault-tolerant environment.

    Despite our efforts to maintain continuous and reliable operations at our
data center, like all providers of Internet-based products and services, we
occasionally experience unplanned outages or technical difficulties. For
example, during fiscal 2000, we experienced service interruptions for our online
payroll service, and during fiscal 1999 we experienced outages for our
electronic tax offerings and the portfolio functionality on Quicken.com. Lengthy
and/or frequent service outages -- particularly for services that customers
consider time sensitive -- can result in negative publicity, damage to our
reputation and loss of customers. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

                  PRIVACY AND SECURITY OF CUSTOMER INFORMATION

    As Internet-based products and services continue to expand, customers are
becoming increasingly concerned about the privacy and security of information
that they provide over the Internet to product and services providers. We have
established guidelines and practices to help ensure that customers are aware of,
and can control, how we use information about them. All of our Intuit-owned and
operated websites (including Quicken.com, QuickBooks.com and TurboTax.com) have
been certified by TRUSTe, an independent, non-profit privacy organization that
operates a website certification program to alleviate users' concerns about
online privacy. We have a privacy statement posted on our websites that provides
details on our privacy principles.

    To address security concerns, we use industry-standard security safeguards
to help protect the information customers give to us from loss, misuse and
unauthorized alteration. Whenever customers transmit sensitive information, such
as a credit card number or tax return data, to us through our web site, we
provide them access to our servers that allow encryption of the information as
it is transmitted to us. We work to protect personally identifiable information
stored on the web site's servers from unauthorized access using commercially
available computer security products, such as firewalls, as well as internally
developed security procedures and practices.

    Despite our efforts to address customer concerns about privacy and security,
these issues still pose a significant risk to Intuit and other companies doing
business over the Internet. During the past year we have faced lawsuits and
negative publicity relating to privacy issues. Our response to these allegations
has been that we do not share any personally identifiable information except as
disclosed in our privacy policies. A major breach of customer privacy or
security, even by another company, could have serious consequences for our
Internet-based businesses. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results" and
"Legal Proceedings."

                             GOVERNMENT REGULATION

    We offer several regulated products and services through separate subsidiary
corporations. For example, Intuit's Quicken Investment Services, Inc. subsidiary
("QISI") is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and is subject to
some state regulatory laws as well. QISI is responsible for certain of the
investment-related features in our products and services. Our Quicken Loans
service is offered by a subsidiary that is subject to federal and state mortgage
and loan broker regulations. Our QuickenInsurance service is offered by a
subsidiary that is subject to state insurance regulations.

    Our Quicken products allow customers of participating brokerages to trade
securities through their broker's website. QuickenInsurance may expand its site
to directly offer other insurance products, such as variable annuities, that are
considered "securities" under federal and state laws. We believe we have
structured these services in a way that does not subject Intuit to direct
government regulation under federal and/or state securities broker-dealer laws.
However, it is possible that these services, or other services we may offer in
the future, may become regulated under broker-dealer laws or other regulations.
We continually analyze new business opportunities, and any new businesses that
we pursue may require additional costs for regulatory compliance.

                                       14
<PAGE>   15

    Current government regulation poses a number of risks to us, including
potential liability to customers and/or penalties and sanctions by government
regulators. Future regulation could hamper the growth of our Internet-based
businesses. In addition, our Internet-based products and services are available
in many states and foreign countries, and as a result, we may be subject to
regulation and taxation in many additional jurisdictions. If Internet activity
becomes heavily regulated in other respects, that could have major negative
consequences for the growth of our Internet-based businesses. See "Risks That
Could Affect Future Results."

                             INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

    We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret
laws, and employee and third-party nondisclosure and license agreements, to
protect our software products and other proprietary technology. While our
proprietary technology is important, we believe our success depends more heavily
on the innovative skills and technical competency of our employees. We do not
own all of the software and other technologies used in our products and
services, but we have the licenses from third parties that we believe are
necessary for using that technology in our current products.

    We consider our principal trademarks (including Intuit, QuickBooks, Quicken
TurboTax, and Quicken) to be important assets and have registered these and
other trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and many foreign countries. The
initial duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country and
is 10 years in the U.S. Most registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year
intervals.

    We face a number of risks relating to our intellectual property, including
persistent piracy issues for our desktop software products, and the risk of
third party infringement claims. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

                                   EMPLOYEES

    As of September 30, 2000, we had about 4,500 full-time employees in the
United States, and about 350 full-time employees internationally. We believe our
future success and growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified employees in all areas of our business. We don't currently have any
collective bargaining agreements with our employees, and we believe employee
relations are generally good. Although we have employment-related agreements
with a few key people, these agreements do not guarantee continued service. We
believe we offer competitive compensation and a good working environment.
However, we face intense competition for qualified employees, especially for our
Internet-based businesses. Like many of our competitors, we have had
difficulties during the past few years hiring and retaining employees, and we
expect to face continuing challenges in recruiting and retention.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

    Our principal offices and corporate headquarters are located in Mountain
View, California. We lease the majority of our Mountain View facilities under
leases with staggered eight-year terms that we entered into in 1994. With
additional buildings that we leased in fiscal years 1999 and 2000, our total
available Mountain View facilities consist of approximately 482,000 square feet.
We have significant operations in leased facilities in San Diego, California, as
well, with approximately 258,000 square feet for office space, a data center and
a manufacturing and distribution center. The San Diego leases expire from 2004
through 2007. We also lease approximately 135,000 square feet in Tucson,
Arizona, where our primary customer service call center is located. The Tucson
lease expires in 2009. See Note 8 of the financial statements for information
about our lease commitments.

    We also lease or own facilities in a number of other domestic locations,
including Alexandria, Virginia (where our QuickenInsurance business is located);
Dallas and Plano, Texas (where our Lacerte subsidiaries are located);

                                       15
<PAGE>   16

Reno, Nevada (headquarters for our payroll business); and Livonia, Michigan
(where our Quicken Loans business is headquartered). We also lease or own
facilities in Canada, England and Japan.

    We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs,
and that we will be able to locate additional facilities as needed. However, our
lease expenses for our headquarters in Mountain View, California could increase
significantly if and when we renew our current leases, as the cost of office
space in the region has increased sharply in recent years.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    On March 3, 2000 a class action lawsuit, Bruce v. Intuit Inc., was filed in
the United States District Court, Central District of California, Eastern
Division. Two virtually identical lawsuits were later filed: Rubin v. Intuit
Inc., was filed on March 8, 2000 in the United States District Court, Southern
District of New York and Newby v. Intuit Inc. was filed on April 27, 2000, in
the United States District Court, Central District of California, Eastern
Division. A similar lawsuit, Almanza v. Intuit Inc. was filed on March 22, 2000
in the Superior Court of State of California, San Bernadino County, Rancho
Cucamonga Division. The Bruce and Newby lawsuits were then consolidated into one
lawsuit, In re Intuit Privacy Litigation, filed on July 28, 2000 in the United
States District Court of California, Eastern Division. These purported class
actions allege violations of various federal and California statutes and common
law claims for invasion of privacy based upon the alleged intentional disclosure
to third parties of personal and private customer information entered at
Intuit's Quicken.com website. The complaints seek injunctive relief, orders to
disgorge profits related to the alleged acts, and statutory and other damages.
Intuit believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend the
litigation vigorously.

    In addition, on April 19, 2000, Bosch v. Intuit Inc. was filed in the
Superior Court, State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District.
This lawsuit alleges violations of California statutes for alleged false and
deceptive advertising and unlawful business practices related to QuickBooks
products and purchasing the Basic Payroll Service. In September 2000, the
plaintiff voluntarily dismissed this lawsuit.

    Intuit is subject to other legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and
threatened litigation, threatened litigation, that arise in the normal course of
our business. We currently believe that the ultimate amount of liability, if
any, for any pending claims of any type (either alone or combined) will not
materially affect our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
However, the ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either
unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have a material negative impact.
Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on Intuit because
of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    Not applicable.

ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    The following table shows executive officers and their areas of
responsibility as of September 30, 2000. Biographies are included after the
table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NAME                      AGE                                  POSITION
                   ----                      ---                                  --------
<S>                                          <C>    <C>
Stephen M. Bennett.........................  46     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
William V. Campbell........................  60     Chairman of the Board of Directors
Scott D. Cook..............................  48     Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors
Alan A. Gleicher...........................  47     Senior Vice President, International
David A. Kinser............................  49     Senior Vice President, Service Delivery and Operations
Greg J. Santora............................  49     Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Services; Chief
                                                    Financial Officer
</TABLE>

                                       16
<PAGE>   17

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NAME                      AGE                                  POSITION
                   ----                      ---                                  --------
<S>                                          <C>    <C>
Raymond G. Stern...........................  39     Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Marketing
Larry J. Wolfe.............................  49     Senior Vice President, Tax Division
Dennis Adsit...............................  42     Vice President, Process Excellence
Sonita Ahmed...............................  43     Vice President, Finance & Corporate Controller
Thomas A. Allanson.........................  42     Vice President, Tax Strategy
Caroline F. Donahue........................  39     Vice President, Sales
Linda Fellows..............................  52     Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer
Daniel B. Gilbert..........................  38     Vice President, Quicken Loans
Larry King, Jr.............................  38     Vice President, Payroll Services Group
Elisabeth M. Lang..........................  43     Vice President, Corporate Public Relations & Marketing Communication
Carol Novello..............................  35     Vice President, Financial Supplies Group
Daniel T. Nye..............................  34     Vice President, Small Business Division
Enrico Roderick............................  41     Vice President, Personal Finance Group
Catherine L. Valentine.....................  48     Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Sherry Whiteley............................  41     Vice President, Human Resources
</TABLE>

    Mr. Bennett joined Intuit as President and Chief Executive Officer and a
Board member in January 2000. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Bennett was an
Executive Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors of GE Capital,
the financial services subsidiary of General Electric Corporation, positions he
held since December 1999. From July 1999 to November 1999 he was President and
Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital e-Business. He was President and Chief
Executive Officer of GE Capital Vendor Financial Services from April 1996
through June 1999, and Vice President of Americas GE Industrial Systems from
August 1993 through March 1996. He holds a BA degree in finance and real estate
from the University of Wisconsin.

    Mr. Campbell was elected to Intuit's Board of Directors in May 1994. He has
served as Chairman of the Board since August 1998 and was Acting Chief Executive
Officer from September 1999 until January 2000. He also served as Intuit's
President and Chief Executive Officer from April 1994 through July 1998. Mr.
Campbell also serves on the board of directors of SanDisk Corporation (a
computer storage devices company), and Apple Computer, Inc. (a computer
company). He is a member of SanDisk's Compensation Committee and a member of
Apple's Audit Committee. Mr. Campbell holds both a Bachelors and a Masters
degree in economics from Columbia University.

    Mr. Cook, a founder of Intuit, has been a director of Intuit since March
1984 and is currently Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board. He
served as Intuit's Chairman of the Board from March 1993 through July 1998. From
March 1984 to April 1994, he also served as President and Chief Executive
Officer of Intuit. Mr. Cook also serves on the board of directors of Amazon.com,
Inc. (an online merchant), ebay Inc. (an electronic commerce company) and The
Procter & Gamble Company (a consumer products company). Mr. Cook holds a
Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and mathematics from the University of
Southern California and an MBA from Harvard University.

    Mr. Gleicher was appointed Senior Vice President, International Division in
March 2000. He had been Intuit's Senior Vice President of Sales since March 1997
and assumed responsibility for the International Division in September 1999. He
served as Intuit's Vice President of Sales from December 1993 to March 1997. Mr.
Gleicher has a Bachelors degree in economics and business finance from San Diego
State University. He also earned a certificate from the Marketing Management
Program at Stanford University.

    Mr. Kinser was appointed Senior Vice President, Service Delivery and
Operations in March 2000. Mr. Kinser joined Intuit as Senior Vice President of
Operations in February 1997. Prior to that, Mr. Kinser served as a consultant to
Intuit from July 1995 to February 1997. Mr. Kinser served as Chief Financial
Officer and Vice President of Operations for Collabra Software from 1994 to
1995. He has also held executive positions at Claris Corp. and Apple Computer,
Inc. Mr. Kinser holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Humboldt State University.

                                       17
<PAGE>   18

    Mr. Santora has been Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Services
since March 1999. He has served as Intuit's Chief Financial Officer since July
1997. He served as Vice President of Finance from November 1996 to March 1999.
He joined Intuit as Corporate Controller in January 1996. From 1983 to 1995, Mr.
Santora held a variety of senior financial positions at Apple Computer, Inc.,
including Senior Finance Director of Apple Americas from May 1992 to January
1996. Mr. Santora, who is a certified public accountant, holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in accounting from the University of Illinois and an MBA from San
Jose State University.

    Mr. Stern became Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Marketing in
March 2000. Prior to that he was Intuit's Senior Vice President, Strategy,
Corporate Development and Administration from March 1999 until March 2000. He
joined Intuit in January 1998 as Senior Vice President of Strategy, Finance and
Administration. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Stern spent over ten years with The
Boston Consulting Group (a business consulting firm), where he was the partner
responsible for the firm's West Coast high technology practice from May 1994 to
December 1997. Mr. Stern holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical
engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard University.

    Mr. Wolfe has been Intuit's Senior Vice President of the Tax Division since
May 1997. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and General Manager of
Intuit's Personal Tax Group from April 1996 to May 1997. He was the director of
technical support and sales for Intuit's Professional Tax Group from March 1994
to April 1996. Mr. Wolfe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business
Administration from the University of Southern California and is a certified
public accountant.

    Mr. Adsit joined Intuit in July 2000 as Vice President, Process Excellence.
He was Senior Vice President, Six Sigma Practice Leader, at Rath and Strong, a
division of AON Corporation in Lexington, Massachusetts from April 1999 to June
2000. From June 1995 until April 1999 he also held Principal and Vice President
positions in the Leadership & Organizational Effectiveness Practice at Rath and
Strong Management Consultants. He holds a BA degree in mathematics and
psychology from Bowling Green State University and a Masters and Ph.D. in
industrial and organizational psychology from the University of Minnesota.

    Ms. Ahmed joined Intuit in April 1997. She became Vice President Finance in
July 1999 and has been Controller since November 1997. She held Divisional
Controller positions at Apple Computer, Inc. from August 1988 to March 1997. Ms.
Ahmed holds a bachelor's degree in Business and an MBA from Santa Clara
University and is also a certified public accountant.

    Mr. Allanson joined Intuit in September 2000 as Vice President of Tax
Strategy. Prior to joining Intuit, he was with GE Capital Colonial Pacific
Leasing (a vendor financial services business) from May 1995 through August
2000, serving as President from October 1998 to August 2000. He was Sales
Effectiveness Leader/GM from September 1997 to October 1998 and was Manager,
Marketing Equipment Business (an electrical distribution and control business)
from May 1995 through September 1997. Mr. Allanson holds a Bachelor of Science
degree in mechanical engineering from Auburn University.

    Ms. Donahue joined Intuit as Director of Sales in May 1995 and was appointed
a Vice President in September 1997. Prior to that, Ms. Donahue was Director of
Sales at Knowledge Adventure and she worked in various sales and channel
management positions at Apple Computer and Next, Inc. She holds a Bachelor of
Arts degree from Northwestern University.

    Ms. Fellows was appointed Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer
in January 2000. She joined Intuit as Corporate Treasurer and Director of
Investor Relations in May 1997. Prior to that, Ms. Fellows served as Treasurer
and Director of Investor Relations of Bay Networks, Inc. from October 1990 to
April 1997. Ms. Fellows holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Stanford University
and an MBA from Santa Clara University.

    Mr. Gilbert joined Intuit as a Vice President in December 1999, when Intuit
acquired Rock Financial Corporation. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Gilbert had
founded Rock in 1985 and had served as its President and Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Gilbert is currently CEO and a director of Quicken Loans Inc.,
which is a wholly owned

                                       18
<PAGE>   19

subsidiary of Intuit that operates Intuit's mortgage business. He holds an
undergraduate degree from Michigan State University and a law degree from Wayne
State Law School.

    Mr. King has been a Vice President of Intuit since August 1997 and has been
responsible for Intuit's payroll business since September 1999. He served as
Vice President and General Manager of the Financial Supplies Group from August
1998 to September 1999. Prior to that, he was responsible for Direct Sales and
Service from September 1995 to August 1998. Prior to joining Intuit in September
1995, Mr. King was Director of Telephone Services at Household Credit Services,
a part of Household International, from 1993 to 1995 He holds a BA degree in
communications marketing and an MBA from the University of Miami.

    Ms. Lang joined Intuit as a Vice President of Corporate Communications in
July 1998 and became Vice President, Corporate Public Relations, Marketing
Communications and Privacy in March 2000. She was previously Vice President of
Corporate Communications for a subsidiary of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton
from February 1998 to May 1998 and Vice President of Corporate Communications
for Pacific Telesis from 1994 to January 1998. She holds a Liberal Arts degree
from Ohio State University.

    Ms. Novello became Vice President of the Financial Supplies Group in
December 1999. She served as Director of Intuit's Small Business Direct
Marketing and Sales from April 1999 to November 1999, and Director of Marketing
for the Financial Supplies Group from November 1997 to March 1999. She joined
Intuit as Group Marketing Manager of the Financial Supplies Group in November
1996, a position she held until October 1997. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms.
Novello was General Manager, Consumer Products Division at Cincinnati Microwave,
Inc. (a wireless communications company) from August 1995 to August 1996 and was
Chief Operating Officer at Capital Rose, Inc. (a cooperative financial services
company) from August 1994 to July 1995. Ms. Novello holds a BA in Economics and
English from Dickinson College and an MBA from Harvard University.

    Mr. Nye has been Vice President of the Small Business Division since March
2000. He was Vice President of the QuickBooks Internet Solutions business from
September 1999 to March 2000, and Vice President of International Operations
from September 1998 to August 1999. Mr. Nye joined Intuit in January 1995 and
served in a number of positions, including Director of Marketing for the
QuickBooks product line, from January 1995 to September 1998. Prior to joining
Intuit, he held a number of positions in brand management at Procter and Gamble.
Mr. Nye holds a BA degree from Hamilton College in New York and an MBA from
Harvard University.

    Mr. Roderick was elected a Vice President of Intuit in October 1998 and
assumed responsibility for the Personal Finance Group in March 2000. He joined
Intuit in August 1996 as Group Product Manager, and became Director of Banking
Services in March 1997. Before joining Intuit, he was a Vice President and
Senior Marketing Manager for Wells Fargo from October 1977 through August 1996.
Mr. Roderick holds a BS in business administration from San Francisco State
University and an MBA from University of California, Berkeley. He also completed
the Executive Management Program at UCLA.

    Ms. Valentine joined Intuit as General Counsel in September 1994. She has
served as a Vice President of Intuit since August 1997 and as Corporate
Secretary since April 1996. Prior to joining Intuit, Ms. Valentine had served as
general counsel for Macromedia and for Go Corporation. Ms. Valentine holds
Bachelor of Arts degrees in finance and economics from the University of
Illinois and a JD degree from the University of Chicago.

    Ms. Whitely joined Intuit in July 2000. Prior to joining Intuit, she served
in several human resources positions with Silicon Graphics, Inc. from 1992 to
July 2000, including Staffing from 1992 to 1994 and HR Strategy from 1994 to
1996, Executive Coaching and Development, Leadership Development and Technical
Education from 1996 to 1998 and Executive Recruiting from 1998 to July 2000. Ms.
Whiteley holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Santa Clara University,
and graduated from the Executive General Management and Human Resources
Executive Programs at Stanford University.

                                       19
<PAGE>   20

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

MARKET INFORMATION FOR COMMON STOCK

    Intuit's common stock began trading over the counter in March 1993 at the
time of our initial public offering. It is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "INTU." The following table shows the range of high and low
closing sale prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for the periods
indicated. Prices reflect inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown or
commissions. The market price of our common stock has been volatile. See
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations -- Risks That Could Affect Future Results." On September 29, 2000,
the closing price of Intuit's common stock was $57.00.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               HIGH      LOW
                                                              ------    ------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 1999
  First quarter.............................................  $17.04    $11.40
  Second quarter............................................   32.77     16.63
  Third quarter.............................................   36.75     25.69
  Fourth quarter............................................   32.75     24.25
FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2000
  First quarter.............................................  $35.75    $22.50
  Second quarter............................................   90.00     27.69
  Third quarter.............................................   72.75     30.00
  Fourth quarter............................................   46.19     25.75
</TABLE>

STOCKHOLDERS

    As of September 29, 2000, we had approximately 900 record holders of our
common stock, and about 90,000 beneficial holders.

ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

    The date of our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be December 8,
2000. Any stockholder who wished to bring a proposal before the December 8, 2000
Annual Meeting of Stockholders was required to provide written notice of the
proposal to our Corporate Secretary, at Intuit's principal executive offices, by
August 29, 2000.

DIVIDENDS

    Intuit has never paid any cash dividends on its common stock. However, our
financial statements reflect dividends previously paid by Rock and Title Source
because we accounted for those acquisitions as a pooling of interests. See Note
1 of the financial statements. We currently anticipate that we will retain all
future earnings for use in our business, and do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

    On August 2, 1999 we issued 299,940 shares of our common stock as partial
consideration for our acquisition of Boston Light Software Corporation, a
Massachusetts corporation that provides electronic commerce tools for small
businesses. Intuit issued these shares to five principal stockholders in
connection with the merger transaction in which Boston Light became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Intuit. The shares issued in this transaction were
issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the
"1933 Act") in reliance on an exemption under Section 3(a)(10) of the 1933 Act,
after a hearing on the fairness of the transaction held by the California
Department of Corporations under the California Corporate Securities Law of
1968.

    On January 24, 2000, we issued and sold 225,000 shares of our common stock
to Stephen M. Bennett, our recently appointed President and Chief Executive
Officer, pursuant to two Restricted Stock Purchase Agreements. The purchase
price for the shares was $0.01 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of
$2,250. The shares were issued without registration under the 1933 Act, in
reliance on an exemption under Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act. The shares are
subject to vesting over periods of up to 10 years. Intuit may repurchase any
unvested shares for the original purchase price if Mr. Bennett's employment with
Intuit is terminated under specified circumstances.

                                       20
<PAGE>   21

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

    The following table shows selected consolidated financial information for
Intuit for the past five fiscal years. The comparability of the information is
affected by a variety of factors, including acquisitions and dispositions of
businesses, and gains and losses related to marketable securities and other
investments. Historical information has been restated to reflect the
acquisitions of Rock Financial Corporation and Title Source, Inc. as a pooling
of interests in December 1999. To better understand the information in the
table, investors should also read "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" beginning on the next page, and
the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes following that section.

                               FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                              1996        1997        1998        1999         2000
                                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    ----------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
    Net revenue as previously reported....................  $538,608    $598,925    $592,736    $847,568    $       --
    Net revenue of pooled companies.......................    28,565      50,820      96,546      92,867            --
                                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    ----------
Net revenue as restated...................................   567,173     649,745     689,282     940,435     1,093,825
Income (loss) from continuing operations..................   (12,351)      8,590       6,182     386,564       305,661
    Net income (loss) as previously reported..............   (20,699)     68,308     (12,157)    376,549            --
    Net income of pooled companies........................     2,004      11,522      18,339      10,015            --
                                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    ----------
Net income (loss).........................................   (18,695)     79,830       6,182     386,564       305,661
Basic income (loss) per share from continuing
  operations..............................................     (0.09)       0.06        0.04        2.02          1.52
Basic net income (loss) per share.........................     (0.13)       0.54        0.04        2.02          1.52
Diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing
  operations..............................................     (0.09)       0.06        0.04        1.93          1.45
Diluted net income (loss) per share.......................  $  (0.13)   $   0.53    $   0.04    $   1.93    $     1.45
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   JULY 31,
                                                        --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          1996        1997         1998          1999          2000
                                                        --------    --------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.....  $201,307    $217,046    $  414,564    $  859,355    $1,467,173
Marketable securities.................................     5,954          --       499,378       431,319       225,878
Working capital.......................................   179,390     253,172       632,713       842,213     1,321,957
Total assets..........................................   518,379     808,104     1,727,584     2,477,460     2,878,902
Long-term obligations.................................     5,583      38,323        36,045        36,614           538
Total stockholders' equity............................  $311,581    $430,169    $1,127,943    $1,561,388    $2,071,289
</TABLE>

                                       21
<PAGE>   22

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

    NOTE: For a more complete understanding of our financial condition and
results of operations, and some of the risks that could affect future results,
see "Risks That Could Affect Future Results," beginning on page 32. This section
should also be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements
and related Notes, which immediately follow this section.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- OVERVIEW

    Three-Year Revenue and Net Income Trends. The following table shows trends
in our revenue and net income for the past three years. Net income is shown in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), and also on
an adjusted basis. We provide financial information that is adjusted to exclude
acquisition-related charges, reorganization costs, and gains and losses related
to our marketable securities and other investments. We provide this adjusted
financial information as a supplement to, but not a substitute for, GAAP
information, in order to assist investors in assessing the results of our core
operating businesses as they would be without the impact of significant events
that tend to be non-recurring.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             FISCAL    FISCAL     FISCAL     1998 - 1999    1999 - 2000
                                                              1998      1999       2000       % CHANGE       % CHANGE
                                                             ------    ------    --------    -----------    -----------
                                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>            <C>
Net revenue................................................  $689.3    $940.4    $1,093.8        36.4%          16.3%
Net income -- GAAP.........................................  $  6.2    $386.6    $  305.7       6000+%         (21.0)%
Net income -- Adjusted*....................................  $102.2    $ 99.6    $  134.2        (2.5)%         34.7%
</TABLE>

- ---------------
* Adjusted to exclude acquisition-related charges (such as amortization of
  purchased intangibles), reorganization costs and gains and losses related to
  marketable securities and other investments

    Impact of Acquisitions and Investment-Related Activity on Comparability of
Year-Over-Year Results. During the past three years, we have completed several
acquisitions. See Note 3 of the financial statements. In comparing Intuit's
results for the last three fiscal years, readers should note that our
acquisitions of Lacerte in June 1998, Computing Resources, Inc. in May 1999 and
Rock in December 1999 have had a significant impact on our financial results,
and on the comparability of our results year over year. Results for fiscal 1999
and 2000 include results for our Lacerte subsidiaries, while fiscal 1998 results
include only six weeks of results for Lacerte. Results for fiscal 2000 include
activity for our CRI payroll processing subsidiary, while fiscal 1999 results
include only three months of CRI's activity and fiscal 1998 does not include any
CRI results. Finally, all three years include activity for Rock because the
acquisition of Rock was accounted for as a pooling of interests, and all prior
periods have been restated to reflect the combined results of Rock and Intuit.
See Notes 1 and 3 of the financial statements.

    Acquisition-related expenses (including amortization of goodwill) also have
a significant impact on the comparability of both our quarterly and yearly
results, and have had a negative impact on our earnings. Acquisition-related
expenses (on a pre-tax basis) were $80.9 million in fiscal 1998, $100.7 million
in fiscal 1999 and $168.1 million in fiscal 2000, and will continue to impact
earnings for the next several years. See "Risks That Could Affect Future
Results" and Notes 1 and 20 of the financial statements.

    During fiscal 1999 and 2000, we made a number of investments in companies
with technologies that may be strategically relevant to our businesses, and we
liquidated significant portions of certain other investments. These and other
activities relating to our investments resulted in pre-tax net gains of $579.2
million in fiscal 1999 and $481.1 million in fiscal 2000. In addition, many of
our current investments have experienced significant price volatility, which in
some cases has a direct impact on our net income. See Note 1 of the financial
statements and "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    Internet-based Businesses. Our Internet-based revenue was approximately 7%
of total revenue for fiscal 1998, compared to about 15% in fiscal 1999 and about
27% in fiscal 2000. We use the term "Internet-based revenue" to include revenue
from both Internet-enabled products and services, as well as revenue derived
from electronic

                                       22
<PAGE>   23

distribution. Internet products and services include activities where the
customer realizes the value of the goods or services directly on the Internet or
an Intuit server. Internet product and service revenues include, for example,
electronic tax preparation and filing revenues, online payroll subscription
revenue, QuickBooks Internet Gateway placement fees, advertising revenues
generated on our Quicken.com website and online mortgage and insurance
transaction revenue. Electronic distribution includes revenues generated by
electronic ordering and/or delivery of traditional desktop software products and
financial supplies. During fiscal 2000, Internet products and services accounted
for approximately 60% of our Internet-based revenue, and electronic distribution
accounted for about 40%. Our Internet-based revenues cut across all of our
business divisions. As a result, we do not report Internet-based revenues
separately in our financial statements. Instead, each of our business divisions
reports Internet-based revenues that are specific to its operations and are
included in its results.

    We believe the Internet provides an opportunity to increase revenue in
fiscal 2001 and beyond. We have made significant progress in several of our
Internet businesses over the past three years. During fiscal 2000, our web-based
tax preparation and electronic filing services and the QuickBooks Internet
Gateway were profitable. However, investors should be aware that some of our
other Internet businesses are still in their initial stages and are not yet
generating either profits or significant revenue. We also anticipate increased
spending in an effort to capitalize on new business opportunities. During fiscal
2001 we expect to double our investments in our emerging Internet businesses,
which will contribute to increased research and development expenses as well as
increased selling and marketing expenses. See "Risks That Could Affect Future
Results."

    Seasonality and Other Fluctuations in Results. Our businesses are highly
seasonal. Sales of tax products are heavily concentrated in the period from
November through March. Sales of consumer finance and small business products
are typically strongest during the year-end holiday buying season and the
beginning of the calendar year, and therefore major product launches for these
products usually occur in the fall or early winter to take advantage of these
customer buying patterns. These seasonal patterns mean that our revenue is
usually highest during the quarters ending January 31 and April 30. We
experience lower revenues for the quarters ending July 31 and October 31, while
operating expenses to develop and manage products and services continue at
relatively consistent levels during these periods. This can result in
significant operating losses in the July 31 and October 31 quarters. Operating
results can also fluctuate for other reasons such as changes in product release
dates, non-recurring events such as acquisitions, dispositions, gains and losses
from marketable securities, and product price cuts in quarters with relatively
high fixed expenses.

NET REVENUE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      FISCAL      %      FISCAL      %       FISCAL       %      1998 - 1999   1999 - 2000
                                       1998    REVENUE    1999    REVENUE     2000     REVENUE    % CHANGE      % CHANGE
                                      ------   -------   ------   -------   --------   -------   -----------   -----------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                   <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>           <C>
NET REVENUE:
Small Business......................  $208.3     30.2%   $292.7     31.1%   $  394.3     36.0%      40.5%         34.7%
Tax.................................   192.8     28.0%    337.7     35.9%      379.3     34.7%      75.2%         12.3%
Consumer Finance....................   217.5     31.5%    230.6     24.6%      225.8     20.7%       6.0%         (2.1)%
International.......................    70.7     10.3%     79.4      8.4%       94.4      8.6%      12.3%         18.9%
        Totals......................  $689.3    100.0%   $940.4    100.0%   $1,093.8    100.0%      36.0%         16.0%
</TABLE>

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Revenue for fiscal 2000 was $1,093.8
million, compared to $940.4 million in fiscal 1999, representing growth of 16%.
This growth reflected strength in a number of areas, including a 108% increase
in our Internet-based revenue, as well as a 15% increase in non-Internet product
and service revenue, and 19% revenue growth for the International Division.
Partially offsetting this growth was a 42% decline in revenue for our Quicken
Loans businesses, which combines our former QuickenMortgage business and Rock's
mortgage business. Our acquisition of Rock in December 1999 was accounted for as
a pooling of interests transaction and had a significant negative impact on our
revenue and profit growth from fiscal 1999 to fiscal 2000, because it required
us to include Rock's pre-acquisition results in both fiscal 1999 and fiscal
2000. During fiscal 2000, Rock's revenue

                                       23
<PAGE>   24

declined due to its consolidation of many branch offices and its reallocation of
resources from a traditional branch office-based mortgage business to its online
mortgage business, as well as rising mortgage interest rates and lower volumes
of refinancing and sub-prime loans.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. During fiscal 1999, revenue increased
36% compared to fiscal 1998. The growth was primarily due to our acquisitions of
Lacerte in June 1998, and CRI in May 1999, and was partially offset by a decline
in Rock's revenue from fiscal 1998 to fiscal 1999. Results also reflected strong
growth in our Small Business Division, and growth in Internet-based revenues as
a whole.

NET REVENUE BY BUSINESS DIVISIONS

    The following revenue discussion is categorized by our business divisions,
which is how we examine results internally. Our domestic supplies business is
considered a part of our Small Business Division, while the international
supplies business is considered part of our International Division. The table
above shows each business division's percentage of our net revenue for fiscal
1998, 1999 and 2000. See Note 6 of the financial statements for additional
information about our business segments.

    Small Business Division. Small Business Division revenue is derived
primarily from QuickBooks desktop products, financial supplies products, payroll
services, the QuickBooks Support Network and QuickBooks Internet Gateway
services.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Fiscal 2000 revenue for the Small
Business Division increased 35% over revenue for fiscal 1999, reflecting growth
in several products and services. QuickBooks revenue grew due to higher average
selling prices resulting from a greater mix of higher priced, greater
functionality products, although unit sales were down slightly from fiscal 1999.
Although we experienced solid growth in new users for QuickBooks 2000, which was
launched in January 2000, the upgrade rate for existing customers was lower than
our historical patterns. We believe there were two primary reasons for the lower
upgrade rate. First, we encouraged owners of older versions of QuickBooks to
upgrade prior to January 2000 in order to minimize Year 2000 issues. Second, we
gave over 350,000 online customers free QuickBooks '98 upgrades to bring them
into Year 2000 compliance.

    Domestic supplies revenues grew about 13% in fiscal 2000 compared to fiscal
1999. Most of the revenue growth resulted from our decision to charge customers
for shipping and handling charges beginning in August 1999. Growth in our base
of small business customers who use QuickBooks and Quicken also contributed to
revenue growth for supplies.

    Our Premier, Deluxe and Basic Payroll Services and the QuickBooks Support
Network also contributed to revenue growth for the division in fiscal 2000.
While we believe our payroll businesses, and the Deluxe Payroll Service in
particular, provide us with a significant opportunity to generate recurring
revenue in the future, we face a number of challenges and risks, including
operational issues in activating online payroll customers. See "Risks That Could
Affect Future Results."

    The QuickBooks Internet Gateway, launched in January 2000, is strategically
important to us as a way to expand our small business customer base and generate
more revenue and profit per customer. It contributed to revenue growth for the
Small Business Division, and was also profitable for the year. We believe it
will contribute increasing revenue and profitability in fiscal 2001 and beyond,
but the business remains subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including customer and vendor participation and satisfaction levels. See "Risks
That Could Affect Future Results."

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Small Business Division revenue for
fiscal 1999 increased 41% over fiscal 1998. This increase was largely due to the
timing of QuickBooks product launches, with two launches (QuickBooks '99 in
January 1999 and QuickBooks 6.0 in June 1998) favorably impacting fiscal 1999
results. Also contributing to the growth was the inclusion of three months of
revenue from CRI in fiscal 1999 results. Domestic supplies revenues for fiscal
1999 grew by 12% compared to fiscal 1998 due to price increases and a continued

                                       24
<PAGE>   25

expansion of products, as well as an increase in our base of small business
customers. Revenue from our Basic Payroll Service and QuickBooks Support Network
also increased substantially in fiscal 1999 compared to fiscal 1998.

    Tax Division. Tax Division revenue is derived from Quicken TurboTax federal
and state consumer desktop tax preparation products, ProSeries and Lacerte
professional tax preparation products, electronic tax filing services and
Quicken TurboTax for the Web online tax preparation services.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Fiscal 2000 Tax Division revenues
increased approximately 12% compared to fiscal 1999, reflecting growth in all
products and services. While our Quicken TurboTax desktop products experienced
about 18% unit growth in fiscal 2000, revenue growth was less than 2%, as we
also experienced extreme pricing pressures from both H&R Block's TaxCut product
and from Microsoft's TaxSaver product, including free product offerings from
Microsoft for about half of the tax selling season. This increased competition
resulted in significantly lower average selling prices. In March 2000, Microsoft
announced that it would discontinue its TaxSaver product after the 1999 tax
season. However, they may offer competitive products and services, either
directly or indirectly, on the desktop and/or via the web, in future tax
seasons. Accordingly, we expect the consumer tax market to remain extremely
competitive for the foreseeable future. See "Business -- Competition" and "Risks
That Could Affect Future Results."

    Revenue for the full consumer tax season is still subject to product returns
from our retail distribution channels. Although we expect our reserves for
returned products will be adequate to cover retailers' remaining returns of
unsold products, higher than expected returns could have a negative impact on
fiscal 2001 revenue.

    During fiscal 2000 we also experienced significantly higher revenue and
volume for Quicken TurboTax for the Web, with revenue more than doubling and
units increasing by 470% compared to fiscal 1999. Unit growth was driven by free
units offered through our Quicken Tax Freedom Project, which accounted for more
than half of Quicken TurboTax for the Web units. Revenue for our electronic
filing services almost doubled during fiscal 2000 as well, with 76% unit growth.
While we believe that the increasing popularity of the Internet will provide
future revenue growth opportunities for these Internet-based tax offerings, we
do not expect comparable growth rates in fiscal 2001. In addition, there are
risks for these businesses, including potential negative financial and public
relations consequences that could result from any significant service
interruptions. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    Fiscal 2000 revenues for our professional tax products increased
approximately 13% from fiscal 1999. This growth is attributable to a combination
of a continued shift to higher priced products, increased pay-per-return
revenues (which generate higher revenues per unit), growth in our customer base
due in part to our acquisitions of Compucraft and TaxByte during fiscal 1999
(see Note 3 of the financial statements), and continued strength in renewal
rates for existing customers.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Tax Division revenue increased 75% in
fiscal 1999 compared to fiscal 1998. A significant portion of this growth
resulted from our acquisition of Lacerte in June 1998. Excluding Lacerte, Tax
Division revenue increased 30% from fiscal 1998 to fiscal 1999. This growth was
driven by our Quicken TurboTax product line, which experienced significantly
higher unit sales. The revenue impact of unit sales growth was partially offset
by lower average selling prices, due to lower product prices offered in response
to aggressive price competition from H&R Block's TaxCut product, as well as a
shift in product mix towards the lower priced basic products compared to
higher-priced Deluxe versions. We also experienced significant revenue increases
in fiscal 1999 for our Quicken TurboTax for the Web and electronic filing
services, compared to fiscal 1998. Excluding Lacerte from fiscal 1999 results,
our professional tax (ProSeries) product sales increased by 13% in fiscal 1999
compared to fiscal 1998, due to high customer retention rates and customer
upgrades to higher-priced products.

                                       25
<PAGE>   26

    Consumer Finance Division. Consumer Finance Division revenues come primarily
from Quicken desktop products, Quicken Loans, advertising, sponsorship and
placement fees (both web-based in Quicken.com, as well as in-product advertising
in Quicken), online transactions and QuickenInsurance.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Fiscal 2000 Consumer Finance Division
revenue was down about 2% compared to fiscal 1999. Revenue for our Quicken
product line grew approximately 18% compared to fiscal 1999, despite lower
average selling prices. The increase was due to Y2K-driven customer upgrade
activity, aggressive retail promotions in tandem with our tax products, and the
launch of the first new Macintosh version since 1998. Advertising and
sponsorship revenues more than doubled from fiscal 1999, due to increased sales
of Quicken, and increased page views, unique visitors and registered visitors on
Quicken.com. Online transactions revenue also grew more than 20%.
QuickenInsurance revenues experienced a significant percentage increase, but are
still not material.

    Revenue growth in these areas was more than offset by a revenue decline of
approximately 42% for our Quicken Loans mortgage business, which now consists of
our former QuickenMortgage online business, and Rock's online and traditional
mortgage businesses. The decline was due in part to Rock's consolidation of many
branch offices and its reallocation of resources from its traditional branch
office-based mortgage business to its online/call center mortgage business, and
the resulting decline in revenue generated by the branch offices. Although total
loan volume has declined during the transition period, online mortgage revenues
increased 25% from fiscal 1999. In addition, our revenue per loan has increased
significantly since our shift, following our acquisition of Rock, from a loan
"referral" model to a "direct" lending model. (These business models are
explained in "Business -- Products and Services -- Consumer Finance
Division -- Quicken Loans.") Rising mortgage rates (which reduced the demand for
refinance mortgages), as well as a significant decline in volume for sub-prime
loans due to deteriorating conditions in the sub-prime lending market, also
contributed to the Quicken Loans revenue decline. We face continuing challenges
in our mortgage business, including interest rate fluctuations. However, we
expect revenue growth as well as profitability for our online and total mortgage
business in fiscal 2001. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    Our Quicken product line faces many challenges in the personal financial
software category, including continuing competition from Microsoft's Money
product. Our consumer Internet products and services also face challenges,
including the need to establish and maintain important distribution
relationships. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to 1998. Consumer Finance Division revenue increased 6%
in fiscal 1999 compared to fiscal 1998. Revenue growth was primarily the result
of increased Internet-based revenues, with significant growth in Quicken.com
advertising and sponsorship revenue, which was partially offset by a decline in
Rock's revenue. Quicken revenue grew approximately 5%. Unit sales increased due
to an earlier product release date in fiscal 1999 compared to fiscal 1998, as
well as a Quicken/TurboTax bundle promotion. However, revenue growth was
negatively impacted by product mix shift towards the lower-priced Quicken Basic
products, the fact that we did not introduce a new Quicken product for the
Macintosh in fiscal 1999, and increased rebate incentives offered to customers
who purchased the Quicken/TurboTax bundle.

    International Division. International Division revenues come primarily from
Yayoi and QuickBooks small business products in Japan, QuickBooks, Quicken and
QuickTax products in Canada, QuickBooks, Quicken and consumer tax products in
Europe, and QuickBooks and Quicken products in Southeast Asia.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. International Division revenue for
fiscal 2000 increased 19% compared to fiscal 1999. This increase was a result of
favorable currency fluctuations (particularly in Japan), as well as increased
sales of the Yayoi small business product in Japan, strong tax product sales in
Canada (due in part to our acquisition of the assets of CCH's consumer tax
business) and stronger sales of QuickBooks in the U.K. Results in Germany
partially offset these revenue increases, as we experienced reduced revenue but
increased profitability due to a shift in our business model. We moved from
direct participation in the German market to a third party distribution
                                       26
<PAGE>   27

arrangement with Lexware, a leading business software company, under which we
receive royalty payments on sales made by Lexware.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to 1998. Fiscal 1999 International Division revenue
increased approximately 12% compared to fiscal 1998. This increase was
attributable to increased revenues in Canada across all product lines, with
particular strength in our QuickBooks and Quicken product lines. In Germany, we
experienced strong sales due to new releases of our Quicken and QuickBooks
products. Finally, while the overall market for small business products and
services in Japan continued to experience poor economic conditions, our Japan
revenues increased due to higher sales of our Yayoi and QuickBooks product
lines, and more favorable currency exchange rates.

COST OF GOODS SOLD

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          FISCAL      %      FISCAL      %      FISCAL      %      1998-1999   1999-2000
                                           1998    REVENUE    1999    REVENUE    2000    REVENUE   % CHANGE    % CHANGE
                                          ------   -------   ------   -------   ------   -------   ---------   ---------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>         <C>
COST OF GOODS SOLD:
Cost of products and services...........  $135.7    19.7%    $217.5    23.2%    $282.4    25.8%       60.3%      29.8%
Amortization (incl. purchased
  software).............................     2.9     0.4%       7.8     0.8%       8.8     0.8%      169.0%      12.8%
        Totals:.........................  $138.6    20.1%    $225.3    24.0%    $291.2    26.6%       62.6%      29.2%
</TABLE>

    There are two components of our cost of goods sold. The largest component is
the direct cost of manufacturing and shipping products and offering services,
which includes data center costs relating to delivering Internet-based products
and services. The second component is the amortization of purchased software,
which is the cost of depreciating products or services obtained through
acquisitions over their useful lives.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. For fiscal 2000, cost of goods sold
increased to 25.8% of revenue, compared to 23.2% for fiscal 1999. This increase
was primarily attributable to two factors. First, consistent with our growing
Internet-based business, we are experiencing a significant increase in related
hardware and infrastructure costs as we purchase equipment to increase our
Internet capability and capacity. These costs are classified as cost of goods
sold and, as a percentage of revenue, are significantly higher than the cost of
goods sold for our traditional desktop software businesses. These infrastructure
costs tend to reflect the depreciation of capital assets which are generally
expensed evenly over the estimated useful lives of the assets. As a result, cost
of goods sold as a percentage of revenue may fluctuate significantly as costs
become more fixed in nature. Second, our service businesses, such as our payroll
services and QuickBooks Support Network, generally have higher cost of goods
sold compared to our desktop software businesses. As service businesses
contribute a higher proportion of total revenue, we anticipate that our cost of
goods sold will continue to increase.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Fiscal 1999 cost of goods sold
increased to 23.2% of revenue, compared to 19.7% in fiscal 1998. This increase
was primarily attributable to Internet hardware and infrastructure costs, and
expansion of our service businesses, which have a higher cost of goods sold. See
Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999 above for additional explanation of these
factors. During fiscal 1999, we improved the efficiency of our order-taking
process in the financial supplies business, which reduced re-order expenses and
partially offset the increase in cost of goods sold.

                                       27
<PAGE>   28

OPERATING EXPENSES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       FISCAL      %      FISCAL      %      FISCAL      %      1998 - 1999   1999 - 2000
                                        1998    REVENUE    1999    REVENUE    2000    REVENUE    % CHANGE      % CHANGE
                                       ------   -------   ------   -------   ------   -------   -----------   -----------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                    <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>           <C>
OPERATING EXPENSES:
Customer service and technical
  support............................  $121.9    17.7%    $135.2    14.4%    $139.6    12.8%        10.9%         3.3%
Selling and marketing................   196.1    28.4%     222.4    23.6%     264.4    24.2%        13.4%        18.9%
Research and development.............   108.6    15.8%     143.4    15.2%     169.1    15.5%        32.0%        17.9%
General and administrative...........    59.7     8.7%      84.7     9.0%      83.7     7.6%        41.9%        (1.2)%
Charge for purchased research and
  development........................    53.8     7.8%         0     0.0%       1.3     0.1%         n/a          n/a
Other acquisition costs..............    24.2     3.5%      92.9     9.9%     157.9    14.4%       283.9%        70.0%
Reorganization costs.................     2.0     0.3%       2.0     0.2%       3.5     0.3%         0.0%        75.0%
        Totals:......................  $566.3    82.2%    $680.6    72.4%    $819.5    74.9%        20.2%        20.4%
</TABLE>

Customer Service and Technical Support

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Fiscal 2000 customer service and
technical support expenses were 12.8% of revenue, compared to 14.4% in fiscal
1999. This improvement reflected our May 1999 acquisition of our Premier Payroll
Service business from CRI, which experiences comparatively lower customer
service and technical support expenses as a percentage of revenue. We have also
benefited from our efforts to provide customer service and technical support
less expensively through websites and other electronic means, and from the
expansion of the QuickBooks Support Network and our other fee-for-support
programs.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Fiscal 1999 customer service and
technical support expenses decreased to 14.4% of revenue, compared to 17.7% in
fiscal 1998. The improvement reflected the continuing benefit from cost
reductions resulting from the restructuring and consolidation of our technical
support facilities in the United States and Europe in fiscal 1997. In addition,
certain costs that were categorized as customer service and technical support
costs in fiscal 1998 were reflected in fiscal 1999 as cost of goods sold for our
expanding fee for support programs.

Selling and Marketing

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Selling and marketing expenses were
approximately 24.2% of revenue in fiscal 2000, compared to 23.6% in fiscal 1999.
Selling and marketing expenses increased for some of our small business products
and services, and well as for our International Division. These increases were
partially offset by decreases in selling and marketing expenses for our payroll
business and QuickenLoans, which we reduced to allow more focus on process
improvements for those businesses.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Fiscal 1999 selling and marketing
expenses decreased to 23.6% of revenue, compared to 28.4% for fiscal 1998.
However, fiscal 1998 selling and marketing expenses included an expense of $16.2
million related to the AOL agreement that we entered into in February 1998.
Excluding this expense, selling and marketing expenses would have been 26.5% of
revenue for fiscal 1998. The fiscal 1999 decrease in these expenses (net of the
$16.2 million expense associated with the AOL agreement) as a percentage of
revenue was primarily due to our acquisition of Lacerte, which experiences
comparatively lower selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue.
This decrease was partially offset by increased advertising and promotion
expenses for our Quicken and QuickBooks products and the launch of the
QuickBooks Deluxe Payroll Service in October 1998.

Research and Development

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Research and development expenses were
15.5% of revenue for fiscal 2000, compared to 15.2% for fiscal 1999. During
fiscal 2000, our primary research and development efforts were in the Small
Business Division, with significant investments in the QuickBooks Internet
Gateway, Site Solutions and

                                       28
<PAGE>   29

the QuickBooks Deluxe payroll service. Fiscal 1999 research and development
efforts were focused on our electronic tax offerings. During fiscal 2001, we
expect to continue significant investments in research and development,
particularly for our emerging Internet-based businesses.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Research and development expenses
decreased to 15.2% of revenue in fiscal 1999 compared to 15.8% in fiscal 1998.
This decrease was due in part to our acquisition of Lacerte, which experiences
comparatively lower research and development expenses as a percentage of
revenue. The positive impact of the Lacerte results was partially offset by
increased development expenses for our first QuickBooks multi-user product, as
well as several of our Internet based products and services.

General and Administrative

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. General and administrative expenses in
fiscal 2000 were approximately 7.6% of revenue, compared to 9.0% for fiscal
1999. The improvement was primarily a result of two factors. First, since
general and administrative expenses tend to be more fixed in nature than other
operating expenses, we have been able to leverage our infrastructure to keep the
growth in these expenses at a lower rate than our revenue growth. Second, fiscal
1999 expenses included a reserve for doubtful accounts of approximately $3
million relating to a financially weak distributor.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. General and administrative expenses
were approximately 9.0% of revenue in fiscal 1999 compared to 8.7% in fiscal
1998, reflecting infrastructure investments and higher expenses related to Rock
during fiscal 1999.

Charge for Purchased Research and Development

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. In fiscal 2000, we recorded charges of
$1.3 million for purchased research and development as a result of our Boston
Light and Hutchison acquisitions. In connection with these acquisitions, and
with the assistance of third-party appraisers, we determined the value of
in-process projects under development for which technological feasibility had
not been established. The total value of these projects at the time of the
acquisitions was determined to be approximately $1.3 million and was recorded as
an expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2000. The value of the projects was
determined by estimating the costs to develop the in-process technology into
commercially feasible products, estimating the net cash flows we believed would
result from the products and discounting these net cash flows back to their
present value. The products related to these charges were completed during
fiscal 2000. We did not incur any charge for purchased research and development
in fiscal 1999.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. In fiscal 1998, we recorded charges of
$53.8 million for purchased research and development relating in-process
research and development for Lacerte, which we acquired in June 1998. We did not
incur any charge for purchased research and development in fiscal 1999.

Other Acquisition Costs

    Other acquisition costs include the amortization of goodwill and purchased
intangible assets, as well as deferred compensation expenses arising from
acquisitions.

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. Other acquisition costs increased to
$157.9 million in fiscal 2000, compared to $92.9 million in fiscal 1999. The
increase was attributable to the amortization of intangible assets associated
with our acquisitions of CRI in May 1999, of Boston Light, SecureTax and
Hutchison in August 1999, and of Turning Mill Software in November 1999.
Amortization expense related to completed acquisitions will continue to have a
negative impact on our operating results in future periods. Taking into account
the acquisitions we had completed as of July 31, 2000, and assuming we do not
experience any impairment of value of the intangible assets that would require
us to accelerate amortization, amortization will be approximately $148.1 million
in fiscal 2001, $142.8 million in fiscal 2002 and $118.7 million in fiscal 2003.
We completed the acquisition of

                                       29
<PAGE>   30

Venture Finance Software Corp. in August 2000, which will result in
approximately $111 million in additional amortization expense in future periods.
See Note 20 of the financial statements. If we complete additional acquisitions
or accelerate amortization in the future, there would be an incremental negative
impact on our operating results. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. Other acquisition costs increased to
$92.9 million in fiscal 1999, compared to $24.2 million in fiscal 1998. The
increase reflected additional amortization resulting from our acquisitions of
Lacerte in June 1998 and CRI in May 1999.

Reorganization Costs

    Fiscal 2000, Fiscal 1999 and Fiscal 1998. Reorganization costs reflect the
costs associated with Rock closing numerous branch offices in Michigan as it
began to transition its mortgage business from a traditional branch-based
business to an online and call center-based business. These costs increased to
$3.5 million for fiscal 2000, compared to $2.0 million in fiscal 1999 and fiscal
1998. See Notes 1 and 16 of the financial statements.

NON-OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES

Interest and Other Income and Expense, Net

    Fiscal 2000 Compared to Fiscal 1999. In fiscal 2000, interest and other
income and expense, net, increased to $48.5 million, compared to $18.3 million
in fiscal 1999. The increase reflected increased cash and short-term investment
balances resulting primarily from our sales of marketable securities, as well as
increased interest rates. Interest earned on customer payroll deposits and
mortgage loans held for resale, as well as interest expense on lines of credit
used for our mortgage business are reported as, or offset against, revenue, as
appropriate, and are not included in interest and other income.

    Fiscal 1999 Compared to Fiscal 1998. In fiscal 1999, interest and other
income and expense, net, increased to $18.3 million, compared to $12.4 million
in fiscal 1998. This reflected increased cash and short-term investment
balances, due in part to sales of marketable securities.

Gains from Marketable Securities and Other Investments, Net

    Fiscal 2000, Fiscal 1999 and Fiscal 1998. During fiscal 2000, we recorded
pre-tax net gains relating to marketable securities of $481.1 million, compared
to $579.2 million in fiscal 1999. We did not have any net gains from marketable
securities in fiscal 1998. Our fiscal 2000 net gains resulted primarily from
dispositions of Checkfree, Signio (now VeriSign) and Homestore.com common stock.
Our fiscal 1999 net gains resulted primarily from sales of Excite, Signio and
Concentric common stock, and the gain from converting our Excite common stock to
Excite@Home common stock in connection with At Home Corporation's acquisition of
Excite. We consider our shares of Excite@Home, VeriSign and 724 Solutions common
stock to be trading securities. See Note 1 of the financial statements. As a
result, unrealized gains (or losses) due to market fluctuations in these
securities are included in our net income on a quarterly basis. Recent
volatility in the market has significantly reduced the value of our trading
securities. Market fluctuations for trading securities that we continued to hold
as of July 31, 2000 resulted in a net reduction in pre-tax income of
approximately $97.9 million in fiscal 2000 and approximately $37 million in
fiscal 1999. These amounts are included in the pre-tax net gains of $481.1
million and $579.2 million noted above. We expect this volatility to continue as
long as we hold these securities. If the market value of these securities
declines significantly in the future, it would have a negative impact on our
earnings. See "Risks That Could Affect Future Results."

Gain on Divestiture

    In fiscal 1998, we recorded a $4.3 million gain on our August 1997 sale of
Parsons Technology, Inc., a direct marketing consumer software subsidiary.

                                       30
<PAGE>   31

Income Taxes

    Fiscal 2000, Fiscal 1999 and Fiscal 1998. For fiscal 2000, we recorded an
income tax provision of $207.2 million on a pretax income of $512.7 million,
resulting in an effective tax rate of approximately 40.4%. For fiscal 1999, we
recorded an income tax provision of $245.5 million on pretax income of $632.0
million, resulting in an effective income tax rate of approximately 38.8%. This
compares to an income tax benefit of $5.1 million in fiscal 1998, on income of
$1.1 million.

    As of July 31, 2000, we had net deferred tax assets of $134.8 million, which
included a valuation allowance of $11.4 million against net operating loss
carryforwards relating to our international subsidiaries. The allowance reflects
management's assessment that we may not receive the benefit of certain loss
carryforwards of our international subsidiaries. While we believe our current
valuation allowance is sufficient, it may be necessary to increase this amount
if it becomes more likely than not that a greater portion of the net deferred
tax assets will not be realized. We will assess the need for an adjustment to
the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. See Note 13 of the financial
statements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    At July 31, 2000, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $416.9 million, a
$137.2 million decrease from July 31, 1999.

    Our operations provided $6.1 million in cash during fiscal 2000. Primary
components of cash from operations were net income of $305.7 million and net
income adjustments made for non-cash expenses such as acquisition charges and
depreciation. These were offset by net gains from the disposition of marketable
securities such as Checkfree, Homestore.com, Excite@Home and Signio Inc., as the
cash impact of these dispositions is reflected in investing activities rather
than operating activities. See Note 1 of the financial statements. We also
experienced a $126.6 million decrease in deferred tax liabilities due primarily
to cash payments made for taxes due from the sale of these securities. Increased
deferred revenue of $41.6 million also contributed to increased cash from
operations, and was driven by agreements related to our Internet-based
businesses entered into during the year under which we receive payments from
third parties prior to the time that we can recognize them as revenue. This was
partially offset by a reduction in acquisition-related liabilities due primarily
to a $25 million installment payment to former shareholders of CRI in connection
with our acquisition of CRI in June 1999.

    Investing activities used $202.7 million in cash during fiscal 2000. The
primary use of cash for investing was the net purchase of $709.1 million of
short-term investments, which was roughly offset by proceeds of $681.4 million
from the sale of marketable securities. We also purchased $94.9 million in
property and equipment as a result of our ongoing investment in information
systems and infrastructure for our Internet-based businesses. Our acquisitions
of SecureTax and Hutchison were also paid for with $54.6 million in cash.

    Financing activities provided $59.3 million during fiscal 2000, which was
primarily attributable to $90.1 million in proceeds from the exercise of
employee stock options. This was partially offset by a $27.3 million decrease in
the outstanding balance on our warehouse line of credit for our mortgage
business, as we decided to use some of our cash position to significantly reduce
the balance.

    We currently hold investments in a number of publicly traded companies. See
Note 1 of the financial statements. The volatility of the stock market and the
potential risk of fluctuating stock prices may have an impact on the proceeds
from future sales of these securities and therefore on our future liquidity. Due
to our reporting of the Excite@Home, VeriSign and 724 Solutions shares as
trading securities, future fluctuations in the carrying values of Excite@Home,
VeriSign and 724 Solutions will impact our earnings. See Note 1 of the financial
statements. If future declines in our other marketable securities are deemed to
be permanent, they will also impact our earnings.

    In connection with our acquisition of CRI (see Note 3 of the financial
statements), we are required to pay two additional annual installments of $25
million in each of the next two fiscal years. We also evaluate, on an ongoing

                                       31
<PAGE>   32

basis, the merits of acquiring technologies or businesses, or establishing
strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. For example, we
exercised our option to purchase VFSC (see Note 20 of the financial statements)
and paid all of the exercise price of approximately $119 million in cash in
August 2000. In addition, in the normal course of business we enter into leases
for new or expanded facilities in both domestic and international locations. We
expect to use cash and cash equivalents to partially or fully fund these types
activities in the future, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity in
future periods.

    We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will
be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital and capital
expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

    In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and
hedging activities. It requires us to recognize all derivatives as either assets
or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.
It further provides criteria for derivative instruments to be designated as fair
value, cash flow, or foreign currency hedges, and establishes accounting
standards for reporting changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments.
Upon the date of adoption, August 1, 2000, the impact of applying SFAS 133 was
immaterial.

    In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements ("SAB
101"), and amended it in March and June 2000. SAB 101 provides guidance on the
recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in financial statements for
all public registrants. Changes in our revenue recognition policy, if any,
resulting from the interpretation of SAB 101 would be reported as a change in
accounting principle. We are currently reviewing the impact of SAB 101 on our
previously reported results of operations and anticipate that we will adopt SAB
101 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001.

    In March 2000, FASB issued FASB Interpretation 44, "Accounting for Certain
Transactions involving Stock Compensation," an interpretation of APB Opinion 25
("FIN 44"). FIN 44 applies prospectively to new stock option awards, exchanges
of awards in a business combination, modifications to outstanding awards, and
changes in grantee status that occur on or after July 1, 2000. Although we are
still in the process of analyzing the impact of FIN 44, if any, on our
consolidated statements and related disclosures, we do not expect a material
impact on our historically reported financial position or results of operations.

                     RISKS THAT COULD AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

    The factors discussed below are cautionary statements that identify
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements in this Form 10K.

COMPANY-WIDE FACTORS THAT COULD AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

    Our revenue and earnings are highly seasonal, which causes significant
quarterly fluctuations in our revenue and net income. Several of our businesses
are highly seasonal -- particularly our tax business, but also small business
and consumer finance to a lesser extent. This causes significant quarterly
fluctuations in our financial results. Revenue and earnings are usually
strongest during the quarters ending January 31 and April 30. We experience
lower revenues, and often significant operating losses, in the July 31 and
October 31 quarters.

    Acquisition-related charges and gains and losses related to marketable
securities can cause significant fluctuation in our net income. Our recent
acquisitions have resulted in significant expenses, including amortization of
purchased software, goodwill and purchased intangibles, and charges for
in-process research and development. Acquisition-related expenses were $80.9
million in fiscal 1998, $100.7 million in fiscal 1999 and $168.1 million in
fiscal 2000. Additional acquisitions (including our acquisition of Venture
Finance Software Corp. in August 2000)

                                       32
<PAGE>   33

and any premature impairment of the value of purchased assets, could have a
significant negative impact on future operating results. Our investment
activities also impact our net income. We recorded pre-tax gains and losses from
marketable securities and other investments of $579.2 million in fiscal 1999 and
$481.1 in fiscal 2000. These amounts reflect net realized gains on sales of
certain marketable securities during fiscal 1999 and 2000, as well as unrealized
quarter-to-quarter gains and losses due to price fluctuations in securities that
we account for as "trading securities." Fiscal 2000 decreases in the market
prices of our trading securities resulted in a significant reduction in our
pre-tax income, and future price fluctuations in trading securities, and any
significant long-term declines in value of other securities, could reduce our
net income in future periods.

    If we do not continue to successfully develop new products and services in a
timely manner, our future financial results would suffer. The development of
products and services is a complex process involving several risks. Hiring and
retaining highly qualified technical employees is critical to the success of our
development efforts, and we face intense competition for these employees.
Launches of products and services can be delayed for a variety of reasons.
Products and services may also have "bugs" that hinder performance, give
customers incorrect results and/or damage customer data. These problems can be
expensive to fix and can also result in higher technical support costs and lost
customers.

    We face intense competition for qualified employees, especially for our
Internet-based businesses. Like many of our competitors, we have had
difficulties during the past few years in hiring and retaining employees, and we
expect to face continuing challenges in recruiting and retention.

    Despite our efforts to adequately staff and equip our customer service and
technical support operations, we cannot always respond promptly to customer
requests for assistance. We occasionally experience customer service and support
problems, including longer than expected "hold" times when our staffing is
inadequate to handle higher than anticipated call volume, and a large number of
inquiries from customers checking on the status of product orders when shipments
are delayed. This can adversely affect customer relationships and our financial
performance. For example, during fiscal 2000, some small business customers
(particularly QuickBooks Support Network and payroll services customers)
experienced inconsistent service levels and delays that led to some negative
press attention. In order to improve our customer service and technical support,
we must continue to focus on eliminating underlying causes of service and
support calls (through product improvements and better order fulfillment
processes), and on more accurately anticipating demand for customer service and
technical support.

    We face risks relating to customer privacy and security and increasing
regulation, which could hinder the growth of our businesses -- particularly our
Internet-based businesses. Despite our efforts to address customer concerns
about privacy and security, these issues still pose a significant risk, and we
have experienced lawsuits and negative publicity relating to privacy issues. For
example, during fiscal 2000, there have been articles criticizing our privacy
practices as they relate to the connectivity of our desktop software to our web
sites. We have faced lawsuits and negative press alleging that we improperly
shared information about customers with third party "ad servers" for our web
sites. A major breach of customer privacy or security by Intuit, or even by
another company, could have serious consequences for our
businesses -- particularly our Internet businesses -- including reduced customer
interest and/or additional regulation by federal or state agencies. In addition,
mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols are still being developed
by government agencies, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with any
requirements that are ultimately adopted. For example, under the Gramm Leach
Bliley Act recently adopted by the federal government, by July 1, 2001 Intuit
will be required to provide written notice of its privacy practices to all
customers. We must give customers an opportunity to state their preferences
regarding Intuit's use of their non-public personal information, and we must
honor those preferences. If Internet use does not grow as a result of privacy or
security concerns, increasing regulation or for other reasons, the growth of our
Internet-based businesses would be hindered.

                                       33
<PAGE>   34

    We face increasing challenges in maintaining adequate access to retail
distribution channels. During the past several years, consolidation among
retailers caused a number of large retailers and mass merchandisers to hold
significant bargaining power. This has made it challenging for us to negotiate
financially favorable terms with retailers. Any termination or significant
disruption of our relationship with any of our major distributors or retailers,
or a significant unanticipated reduction in sales volume attributable to any of
our principal resellers, could result in a significant decline in our net
revenue. Also, any financial difficulties of our retailers or distributors could
have an adverse effect on our operating expenses if uncollectable amounts from
them exceed the bad debt reserves we have established.

    We rely on a single third party vendor to handle all outsourced aspects of
our primary retail desktop software product launches. While we believe that
using a single outsourcer for our primary retail product launches improves the
efficiency and reliability of our product launches, reliance on one vendor can
have severe negative consequences if the vendor fails to perform for any reason.

    Actual product returns may exceed return reserves. We generally ship
significantly more desktop products to our distributors and retailers than we
expect them to sell, in order to reduce the risk that distributors or retailers
will run out of products. This is particularly true for our tax products, which
have a short selling season. Like most software companies, we have a liberal
product return policy and we have historically accepted significant product
returns. We establish reserves for product returns in our financial statements,
based on estimated future returns of products. We closely monitor levels of
product sales and inventory in the retail channel in an effort to maintain
reserves that are adequate to cover expected returns. In the past, returns have
not generally exceeded these reserves. However, if we do experience actual
returns that significantly exceed reserves, it would result in lower revenue.

    Our recent acquisitions have resulted in business integration
challenges. Our recent acquisitions have expanded our product and service
offerings, personnel and geographic locations. Integrating and organizing
acquired businesses creates challenges for our operational, financial and
management information systems. If we do not adequately address issues presented
by growth through acquisitions, we may not fully realize the intended benefits
(including financial benefits) of these acquisitions.

    We face existing and potential government regulation in many of our
businesses, which can increase our costs and hinder the growth of our
businesses. Our Internet-based products and services are available in many
states and foreign countries. As a result, we may be subject to regulation
and/or taxation in many additional jurisdictions, which could substantially slow
commercial use of the Internet and growth of our Internet-based businesses. We
offer several regulated products and services through separate subsidiary
corporations. Establishing and maintaining regulated subsidiaries requires
significant financial, legal and management resources. If the subsidiaries fail
to comply with applicable regulations, they could face liability to customers
and/or penalties and sanctions by government regulators.

    Legal protection for our intellectual property is not always effective to
prevent unauthorized use. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent,
trademark and trade secret laws, and employee and third-party nondisclosure and
license agreements, to protect our software products and other proprietary
technology. We do not have significant copy-protection mechanisms in our
software because we do not believe they are practical or effective at this time.
Current U.S. laws that prohibit copying give us only limited practical
protection from software "pirates," and the laws of many other countries provide
very little protection. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult,
expensive and time-consuming and we expect that software piracy will be a
persistent problem for our desktop software products. In addition, the unique
technology of the Internet may tend to increase, and provide new methods for,
illegal copying of the technology used in our desktop and Internet-based
products and services.

    We do not own all of the software and other technologies used in our
products and service. We have the licenses from third parties that we believe
are necessary for using technology that we do not own in our current products
and services. It may be necessary to renegotiate with these third parties for
inclusion of their technology in any new versions of our current products or in
new products. Third party licenses may not be available on
                                       34
<PAGE>   35

reasonable terms, or at all. Other parties occasionally claim that features or
content of our products, or our use of trademarks, may infringe their propriety
rights. Past claims have not resulted in any significant litigation, settlement
or licensing expenses, but future claims could. Third parties may assert
infringement claims against us in the future, and claims could result in costly
litigation, require us to redesign one or more of our products or services, or
require us to obtain a license to intellectual property rights of third parties
or perhaps to cease marketing affected products and services. Third party
licenses may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all.

    The stock market has experienced price volatility that has particularly
affected technology companies. These market fluctuations have adversely affected
our stock price in the past and may do so in the future. Some of the volatility
has resulted from factors such as the seasonality and quarterly fluctuations in
our revenue and operating results, announcements of technical innovations,
acquisitions or strategic relationships by Intuit or its competitors, changes in
earnings estimates by analysts and changes in market conditions in the computer
hardware and software industries. However, volatility may also be unrelated to
our operating performance or the business environment in which we operate.

FACTORS RELATING TO COMPETITION

    We face competitive pressures in all of our businesses, which can have a
negative impact on our revenue, profitability and market position. In all our
businesses, we face continual risks that competitors will introduce better
products and services, reduce prices, gain better access to distribution
channels, increase advertising (including advertising targeted at Intuit
customers), and release new products and services before we do. Any of these
competitive actions (particularly any prolonged price competition) could result
in lower net revenue and/or lower profitability for Intuit. They could also
affect our ability to keep existing customers and acquire new customers, which
is particularly important for our Internet-based products and services.

    In the small business area, we face a wide range of competitive risks that
could impact our financial results. For example, in online payroll, the
competitive landscape is changing quickly and we could lose some competitive
advantage if other companies begin offering online payroll services that
integrate with desktop and/or web-based accounting software. As another example,
our financial supplies business continues to experience pricing pressures from
many of our competitors. While we have been able to offset some of the impact of
price competition by improving operational efficiencies and customer service,
ongoing price pressures could result in lower revenue and profitability for our
supplies business.

    Intense competition in the consumer tax preparation software business has
caused us to reduce prices, which has impacted our revenue, profitability and
competitive position. During the recent tax season we reduced prices for our
Quicken TurboTax product line in response to aggressive pricing by H&R Block and
Microsoft. This resulted in significantly lower average selling prices. Although
Microsoft ultimately withdrew from the desktop consumer tax preparation software
segment this season, they may offer competitive products and services, either
directly or indirectly, on the desktop and/or via the web, in future tax
seasons. In addition, there are other formidable current and potential
competitors in the private sector, and we also face potential competition from
publicly-funded government entities seeking to competitively enter private
markets in the United States for consumer electronic financial services.
Accordingly, we expect competition to remain intense during fiscal 2001.

    Our consumer finance products face aggressive competition that could limit
future growth. Our Quicken products compete directly with Microsoft Money, which
is aggressively promoted and priced. We expect competitive pressures for Quicken
to continue, both from Microsoft Money, and from web-based personal finance
tracking and management tools that are becoming increasingly available at no
cost to consumers. These pressures could ultimately result in a decline in
revenue and profitability for our Quicken product line. There are many
competitors for our Internet-based consumer finance products and services. The
number of competitors has increased in recent years as more companies expand
their businesses onto the Internet. However, we expect that the general downturn

                                       35
<PAGE>   36

in Internet and technology stocks since March 2000 will result in significant
consolidation, with fewer, but more financially sound, competitors surviving.
This could make it more difficult for us to compete effectively.

    Products and services offered to consumers by government agencies may
increasingly overlap with products and services offered by Intuit and others in
the private sector, and could have a significant negative impact on our future
financial results. Government agencies are increasingly using public funds to
offer commercial products and services to consumers that are duplicative of
those provided by private sector companies, including Intuit. For example, some
federal and state tax agencies have begun to expand their mission by offering
individual taxpayers electronic tax preparation and filing services similar to
those currently offered by Intuit and others at a low cost. In addition, a
growing number of firms are providing web-based tax filing services at no cost
to lower income taxpayers through "Digital Divide" public service initiatives,
such as Intuit's Quicken Tax Freedom Project, offering additional competition.
Another example of the trend for government agencies to provide private sector
products and services is the U.S. Postal Service's offering of electronic bill
payment services to consumers. Although some governmental agencies have begun
taking steps to reverse this trend by abandoning previous plans to provide
electronic commerce products and services, future administrative, regulatory or
legislative activity in this area could adversely impact Intuit and other
companies that provide software and electronic financial services. Intuit is
actively working with others in the private sector, as well as with federal and
state government officials, to help clarify the appropriate role for government
agencies in the electronic commerce marketplace.

FACTORS AFFECTING OUR INTERNET-BASED BUSINESSES GENERALLY

    If we do not continue to successfully refine and update the business models
for our Internet -- based products and services, and operationally support these
businesses, the businesses will not achieve sustainable financial viability or
broad customer acceptance. Our Internet-based business models have more complex
and varied revenue streams than our traditional desktop software businesses. For
these businesses to become and remain economically viable, we must continually
refine their revenue models to reflect the evolving economics of Internet
commerce. These businesses also depend on a different operational infrastructure
than our desktop software businesses, and we must continually develop, expand
and modify internal systems and procedures to support these businesses. In
particular, our web-based tax preparation and electronic filing services must
continue to effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during the peak
tax season. If we are unable to meet customer expectations in a cost-effective
manner, it could result in lost customers, negative publicity, and increased
operating costs, which could have a significant negative impact on the financial
and market success of these businesses.

    The market pressure to launch Internet-based products and services quickly
may lead to lower product quality. The development process for Internet-based
products is more rapid, less predictable, and shorter than for our desktop
products. Getting Internet-based products and services launched quickly is
crucial to competitive success, but this time pressure may result in lower
product quality, dissatisfied customers and negative publicity, as well as
additional expenses to fix bugs.

SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR SMALL BUSINESS DIVISION

    If we cannot fully and successfully implement all announced QuickBooks
Internet Gateway Services in a timely fashion, we may be unable to sustain these
services as a successful business. Development of some of the announced
QuickBooks Internet Gateway services has not yet been completed. Intuit and the
third-party service providers of these services could face technological
difficulties, financial difficulties and other problems that could delay or
prevent implementation of the QuickBooks Internet Gateway Services, which in
turn could delay or prevent us from recognizing contractually committed revenues
to the extent that recognition of such revenue depends on implementation with
the customer.

    If our recently introduced QuickBooks Internet Gateway services do not
achieve and maintain acceptance by customers and the third-party vendors who
provide these services, they will not generate long-term revenue

                                       36
<PAGE>   37

growth or profitability. We must meet customer and vendor expectations in
delivering our QuickBooks Internet Gateway services. If we do not meet these
expectations, we may not be able to maintain the third party vendor
relationships that are necessary to allow us to provide services desired by
customers. If we fail to meet expectations and maintain these relationships, our
ability to expand our QuickBooks Internet Gateway services will be jeopardized.
To retain these relationships, we may be required to adapt them in ways that are
less attractive to us, financially or otherwise. In addition, QuickBooks
Internet Gateway Services are currently available only to customers using
QuickBooks 2000. Customer upgrade rates to QuickBooks 2000 have been lower than
historical upgrade levels, which has impacted the growth of the potential
customer base for these services.

    In order to expand our customer base in the payroll services business, we
must continue to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our payroll
processing operations and streamline customer activations for our Deluxe online
payroll processing service. The payroll processing business involves a number of
business risks if we make errors in providing accurate and timely payroll
information, cash deposits or tax return filings, including our incurring
liability to customers, additional expense to correct product errors and loss of
customers. For our Internet-based services (the Deluxe service, as well as the
online Basic service), we must improve our operations to give customers more
reliable connectivity to our data center to transmit and receive payroll data
and tax tables. In order to expand the customer base for our Deluxe payroll
service, we must continue to focus on streamlining the service activation
process for new customers.

    Our financial supplies business relies on a single vendor to print all check
and other imprinted products. The products provided by this vendor accounted for
about 75% of our supplies revenue in fiscal 1999 and 2000. If there are any
problems with the vendor's performance, it could have a material negative impact
on sales of supplies and on Intuit as a whole.

SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR TAX DIVISION

    Intense competition in the consumer tax preparation software business has
caused us to reduce prices, which has impacted our revenue, profitability and
competitive position. During the recent tax season we reduced prices for our
Quicken TurboTax product line in response to aggressive pricing by H&R Block and
Microsoft. This resulted in significantly lower average selling prices. Although
Microsoft ultimately withdrew from the desktop consumer tax preparation software
segment this season, they may offer competitive products and services, either
directly or indirectly, on the desktop and/or via the web, in future tax
seasons. In addition, there are other formidable current and potential
competitors in the private sector, and we also face potential competition from
publicly-funded government entities seeking to competitively enter private
markets in the United States for consumer electronic financial services.
Accordingly, we expect competition to remain intense during fiscal 2001.

    Significant problems or delays in the development of our tax products would
result in lost revenue and customers. The development of tax preparation
software presents a unique challenge because of the demanding annual development
cycle required to incorporate unpredictable tax law changes each year. The rigid
development timetable increases the risk of errors in the products and the risk
of launch delays. Any major defects could lead to negative publicity, customer
dissatisfaction and incremental operating expenses -- including expenses
resulting from our commitment to reimburse penalties and interest paid by
consumer customers due solely to calculation errors in our products. A late
product launch could cause our current and prospective customers to choose a
competitor's product for that year's tax season. This would result in lost
revenue in the current year and would make it more difficult for us to sell our
products to those customers in future tax seasons.

                                       37
<PAGE>   38

SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR CONSUMER FINANCE DIVISION

    The long-term viability of Quicken.com and our other Internet-based personal
finance services will depend on our ability to increase our customer base as
quickly as possible, get greater participation by financial institutions, and
expand the depth and breadth of our offerings in order to differentiate
ourselves from other Internet-based personal finance service providers. Growth
in customers and traffic is crucial for our Quicken.com site and its ability to
generate advertising revenue, but traffic can vary significantly from month to
month due to seasonal trends, site performance, performance of the major stock
market indices and other factors. Monthly Quicken.com page views have varied
dramatically over the past year, from approximately 150 million in July 1999, to
a peak of over 300 million in March 2000, back down to slightly under 200
million in July 2000. Continued expansion and customer use of Quicken.com and
our other personal finance websites will require us to improve site performance,
and the scalability and reliability of the underlying technology, to reduce the
length and frequency of service interruptions. It will also require us to
establish and maintain relationships with key Internet portals, distributors and
content providers, and our distribution relationships require us to make
significant financial commitments to these companies. For example, our agreement
with Excite@Home currently calls for us to share certain revenue generated from
our Quicken.com site and our agreement with America Online calls for us to make
significant guaranteed payments to America Online over the term of the
agreement. Due to the constantly evolving business environment in which we
operate, and the changing priorities and economic circumstances of Intuit and
our business allies, we may be required to adapt some of our relationships in
ways that are less attractive to us (financially or otherwise) in order to
continue benefiting from those relationships. Adding more high-quality content
is also crucial to our efforts to continue expanding our Quicken.com customer
base and to differentiate our site from other personal finance sites. This may
require us to invest significant resources in research and development,
strategic relationships and/or acquisitions.

    Our mortgage business is subject to interest rate fluctuations and
operational risks that could result in further revenue declines. Increases in
mortgage rates and other interest rates have adversely affected our mortgage
business, contributing to the significant revenue decline from fiscal 1999 to
fiscal 2000. If mortgage interest rates continue to rise, this may continue to
impact the volume of closed loans and applications -- particularly our most
interest-rate sensitive products such as conventional loans and refinancing
loans. FHA loans and home purchase mortgages tend to be less mortgage-rate
sensitive. Fluctuations in non-mortgage interest rates also create risks with
respect to the loans on our balance sheet and impact our cost of funds to
provide loans. In addition, our ability to successfully streamline the online
application, approval, and closing process will have a significant impact on our
ability to attract customers to our mortgage service, and on our ability to
continue increasing the percentage of our mortgage revenue generated through the
online channel compared to branch offices. We must also maintain relationships
with certain banks and other third parties who we will rely on to provide access
to capital, and later, service the loans. If we are unable to do so, it could
have a negative impact on our mortgage business and on Intuit's financial
results.

    The viability of electronic bill management services will require widespread
consumer and biller adoption, which may still be years away. The financial
success of our bill management services will depend on a number of factors,
including timely and cost-effective completion of ongoing development efforts,
and adoption and participation rates by customers and financial institutions,
including billers. We have not yet completed our development efforts for
electronic bill payment and presentment services, and widespread consumer and
biller adoption may still be years away. Failure of consumers and billers to
widely adopt electronic bill payment and presentment would have a material
negative effect on our business.

SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR INTERNATIONAL DIVISION

    Business conditions in international markets, other risks inherent in
international operations, and changes in our business model in Europe, may
negatively impact our financial performance. Conducting business internationally
involves many risks, including potential volatility in the political and
economic conditions of foreign
                                       38
<PAGE>   39

countries; difficulties in managing operations in different locations (including
hiring and retaining management personnel); a product development process that
is often more time-consuming and costly than in the U.S. due in part to
"localization" requirements; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
and unanticipated changes in foreign regulatory requirements. For example, the
economic situation in Japan had a negative impact on international revenue and
profits during fiscal 1998 and 1999. We experienced product launch delays in
Germany in fiscal 1998 and fiscal 1999, which contributed to revenue declines in
certain quarters. In addition, the shift in our business model in Germany has
led to declining revenues for us in the markets served by our partner.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

SHORT-TERM INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO

    We do not hold derivative financial instruments in our short-term investment
portfolio. Our short-term investments consist of instruments that meet quality
standards consistent with our investment policy. This policy dictates that we
diversify our holdings and limit our short-term investments to a maximum of $5
million to any one issuer. Our policy also dictates that all short-term
investments mature in 30 months or less. The following table of our short-term
investments portfolio is classified by the maturity date listed on the security:

PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS BY EXPECTED MATURITY:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    YEARS ENDING JULY 31,                                  FAIR VALUE
                                    -----------------------------------------------------                   JULY 31,
                                      2000        2001       2002       2003       2004        TOTAL          2000
                                    --------    --------    -------    ------    --------    ----------    ----------
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT INTEREST RATES)
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>           <C>
Cash Equivalents..................  $412,655          --         --        --          --    $  412,655    $  412,597
  Average Interest Rate...........      5.36%                                                      5.36%
Investments.......................  $182,801    $157,309    $13,039    $3,872    $693,199    $1,050,220    $1,050,397
  Average Interest Rate...........      4.97%       5.14%      4.42%     4.36%       4.40%         4.61%
Total Portfolio...................  $595,456    $157,309    $13,039    $3,872    $693,199    $1,462,875    $1,462,994
  Average Interest Rate...........      5.24%       5.14%      4.42%     4.36%       4.40%         4.82%
</TABLE>

MARKETABLE SECURITIES

    We carried significant balances in marketable equity securities as of July
31, 2000. These securities are subject to considerable market risk due to their
volatility. Fluctuations in the carrying value of our shares of Excite@Home,
VeriSign and 724 Solutions will have an immediate impact on our earnings because
we report these shares as trading securities. See Note 1 of the financial
statement notes for more information regarding risks related to our investments
in marketable securities and the impact of our trading securities on our
reported net income.

INTEREST RATE RISK

    Interest rate risk represents a component of market risk to us and
represents the possibility that changes in interest rates will cause unfavorable
changes in our net income and in the value of our interest rate sensitive
assets, liabilities and commitments, particularly those that relate to our
mortgage business. In a higher interest rate environment, borrower demand for
mortgage loans declines, adversely affecting our mortgage loan business.
Interest rate movements also affect the interest income earned on loans we hold
for sale in the secondary market, interest expense on our lines of credit, the
value of our mortgage loans and ultimately the gain or loss on the sale of those
mortgage loans. In addition, interest rate movements affect the interest income
earned on investments we hold in our short-term investment portfolio and the
value of those investments.

    As part of our risk management programs, we enter into financial agreements
and purchase financial instruments in the normal course of business to manage
our exposure to interest rate risk with respect to our conventional loans and
our government-insured loans (together, "Prime Loans"), but not with respect to
our sub-prime loans or home equity lines of credit. We use these financial
agreements and financial instruments for the explicit

                                       39
<PAGE>   40

purpose of managing interest rate risks to protect the value of our mortgage
loan portfolio, and not for trading purposes.

    We actively monitor and manage our exposure to interest rate risk on Prime
Loans, which is incurred in the normal course of business. The committed and
closed pipelines of Prime Loans, as well as the related forward commitments and
derivatives, are valued daily. We refer to the loans, pipeline, commitments and
derivatives together as the "Hedge Position." We evaluate the Hedge Position
against a spectrum of interest rate scenarios to determine expected net changes
in the fair values of the Hedge Position in relation to the changes in interest
rates. We evaluate our interest rate risk exposure daily using models that
estimate changes in the fair value of the Hedge Position and compare those
changes against the fair value of the underlying assets and commitments.

    The following table shows the maturity of our mortgage loans and home equity
lines of credit:

PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS BY EXPECTED MATURITY:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            EXPECTED MATURITY DATE(1)
                                                             PERIOD ENDING JULY 31,                        FAIR VALUE
                                                     ---------------------------------------                JULY 31,
                                                      2000      2001    2002    2003    2004     TOTAL        2000
                                                     -------    ----    ----    ----    ----    -------    ----------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT INTEREST RATES)
<S>                                                  <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>
ASSETS:
Mortgage Loans.....................................  $60,330      --      --      --      --    $60,330     $62,247
  Average Interest Rate............................    10.05%                                     10.05%
LIABILITIES:
Lines of Credit....................................  $ 2,580      --      --      --      --    $ 2,580     $ 2,600
  Average Interest Rate............................     7.42%                                      7.42%
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) In the ordinary course of our mortgage business, expected maturity is based
    on the assumption that loans will be re-sold in the indicated period.

    Based on the carrying values of our mortgage loans and lines of credit that
we held at July 31, 2000, we do not believe that short-term changes in interest
rates will have a material effect on the interest income we earn on loans held
for sale in the secondary market, interest expense on our lines of credit or the
value of mortgage loans. See Notes 1 and 5 of the financial statement notes for
more information regarding risks related to our mortgage loans and lines of
credit.

IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY RATE CHANGES

    The currencies of our subsidiaries have remained essentially stable since
the end of our 1999 fiscal year, except for the Japanese yen, which strengthened
during fiscal 2000. Because we translate foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
for reporting purposes, currency fluctuations can have an impact, though
generally immaterial, on our results. We believe that our exposure to currency
exchange fluctuation risk is insignificant primarily because our international
subsidiaries invoice customers and satisfy their financial obligations almost
exclusively in their local currencies. For fiscal 2000, there was an immaterial
currency exchange impact from our intercompany transactions. Currency exchange
risk is also minimized since foreign debt is due almost exclusively in local
foreign currencies. As of July 31, 2000, we did not engage in foreign currency
hedging activities.

                                       40
<PAGE>   41

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INTUIT INC.

1. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    The following financial statements are filed as part of this Report:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----
<S>                                                           <C>
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors...........   42
Report of KPMG LLP, independent auditors....................   43
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 1999 and 2000....   44
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years
  ended July 31, 2000.......................................   45
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
  three years ended July 31, 2000...........................   46
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years
  ended July 31, 2000.......................................   47
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................   48
</TABLE>

2. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

    The following financial statement schedule is filed as part of this report
and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    SCHEDULE                                                                 PAGE
    --------                                                                 ----
    <C>        <S>                                                           <C>
       II      Valuation and Qualifying Accounts...........................   73
</TABLE>

                                       41
<PAGE>   42

               REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Intuit Inc.

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Intuit Inc.
as of July 31, 1999 and 2000, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended July 31, 2000. Our audits also included the financial statement
schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial statements and
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our
audits. We did not audit the 1998 financial statements of Rock Financial
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary, which statements reflect total revenues
constituting $89,762,000 of the related consolidated totals. Those statements
were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our
opinion, insofar as it relates to data included for Rock Financial Corporation,
is based solely on the report of the other auditors.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

    In our opinion, based on our audits and, for 1998, the report of other
auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Intuit
Inc. at July 31, 1999 and 2000, and the consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31,
2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

                                       ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Palo Alto, California
August 22, 2000

                                       42
<PAGE>   43

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Rock Financial Corporation:

    We have audited the statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash
flows of Rock Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") for the year ended
December 31, 1998. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audit.

    We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the results of the Corporation's operations and its
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 1998, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

    As discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, the Corporation changed
its method of accounting for software developed for internal use to adopt the
provisions of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement
of Position No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed
or Obtained for Internal Use" in 1998.

                                       KPMG LLP

Detroit, Michigan
January 28, 1999

                                       43
<PAGE>   44

                                  INTUIT INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               JULY 31,      JULY 31,
                                                                 1999          2000
                                                              ----------    ----------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                     PAR VALUE)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $  554,230    $  416,953
  Short-term investments....................................     305,125     1,050,220
  Marketable securities.....................................     431,319       225,878
  Customer deposits.........................................     145,836       181,678
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
    accounts of $12,420 and $9,018, respectively............      63,677        67,420
  Mortgage loans............................................      84,983        60,330
  Deferred income taxes.....................................      64,925        95,777
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets (1).............      71,361        30,538
                                                              ----------    ----------
        Total current assets................................   1,721,456     2,128,794
  Property and equipment, net...............................     119,220       167,707
  Goodwill, net.............................................     383,102       358,890
  Purchased intangibles, net................................      98,049        79,988
  Long-term deferred income taxes...........................      64,575        92,985
  Investments...............................................      45,704        31,160
  Restricted investments....................................      36,028            --
  Loans due from affiliates.................................       1,429         6,464
  Other assets..............................................       7,897        12,914
                                                              ----------    ----------
        Total assets........................................  $2,477,460    $2,878,902
                                                              ==========    ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Lines of credit...........................................  $   29,896    $    2,580
  Accounts payable..........................................      66,436        79,145
  Accrued compensation and related liabilities..............      39,996        49,303
  Payroll tax obligations...................................     131,148       177,002
  Escrow liabilities........................................      14,857         5,899
  Drafts payable............................................      49,169        23,598
  Deferred revenue..........................................      65,994       107,578
  Income taxes payable......................................     143,181       110,743
  Short-term note payable...................................          --        34,286
  Deferred income taxes.....................................     136,694        53,934
  Other accrued liabilities.................................     201,872       162,769
                                                              ----------    ----------
        Total current liabilities...........................     879,243       806,837
Long-term obligations.......................................      36,614           538
Minority interest...........................................         215           238
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $0.01 par value
  Authorized -- 1,345 shares total; 145 shares designated
    Series A; 250 shares designated Series B Junior
    Participating
  Issued and outstanding -- none............................          --            --
  Common stock, $0.01 par value
  Authorized -- 750,000 shares
  Issued and outstanding -- 196,349 and 204,300 shares,
    respectively............................................       1,963         2,043
  Additional paid-in capital................................   1,265,114     1,519,516
  Deferred compensation.....................................          --       (26,522)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes of
    $66,300 and $15,373, respectively.......................      79,144        55,586
  Retained earnings.........................................     215,167       520,666
                                                              ----------    ----------
        Total stockholders' equity..........................   1,561,388     2,071,289
                                                              ----------    ----------
        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity..........  $2,477,460    $2,878,902
                                                              ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) Includes $6.7 million and $7.2 million notes receivable from Venture Finance
    Software Corp. as of July 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively, see Note 20 of
    the financial statements.

                            See accompanying notes.
                                       44
<PAGE>   45

                                  INTUIT INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                1998          1999           2000
                                                              ---------     ---------     -----------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Net revenue.................................................  $689,282      $940,435      $1,093,825
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of goods sold:
    Product and service.....................................   135,656       217,463         282,385
    Amortization of purchased software and other............     2,905         7,775           8,798
  Customer service and technical support....................   121,947       135,172         139,550
  Selling and marketing.....................................   196,127       222,450         264,367
  Research and development..................................   108,604       143,437         169,083
  General and administrative................................    59,698        84,655          83,745
  Charge for purchased research and development.............    53,800            --           1,312
  Other acquisition costs, including amortization of
    goodwill and purchased intangibles......................    24,204        92,917         153,929
  Acquisition related deferred compensation.................        --            --           4,019
  Reorganization costs......................................     2,000         2,000           3,500
                                                              --------      --------      ----------
        Total costs and expenses............................   704,941       905,869       1,110,688
                                                              --------      --------      ----------
        Income (loss) from operations.......................   (15,659)       34,566         (16,863)
Interest and other income and expense, net..................    12,438        18,252          48,443
Gains on marketable securities and other investments, net...        --       579,211         481,130
Gain on disposal of business................................     4,321            --              --
                                                              --------      --------      ----------
Income before income taxes and minority interests...........     1,100       632,029         512,710
Provision (benefit) for income taxes........................    (5,082)      245,550         207,184
                                                              --------      --------      ----------
Income before minority interests............................     6,182       386,479         305,526
Minority interest...........................................        --           (85)           (135)
                                                              --------      --------      ----------
Net income..................................................  $  6,182      $386,564      $  305,661
                                                              ========      ========      ==========
Basic net income per share..................................  $   0.04      $   2.02      $     1.52
                                                              ========      ========      ==========
Shares used in basic net income per share amounts...........   157,147       190,927         200,770
                                                              ========      ========      ==========
Diluted net income per share................................  $   0.04      $   1.93      $     1.45
                                                              ========      ========      ==========
Shares used in diluted net income per share amounts.........   163,891       199,816         211,271
                                                              ========      ========      ==========
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.
                                       45
<PAGE>   46

                                  INTUIT INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         COMMON STOCK       ADDITIONAL                      OTHER       RETAINED        TOTAL
                                     --------------------    PAID-IN       DEFERRED     COMPREHENSIVE   EARNINGS    STOCKHOLDERS'
                                       SHARES      AMOUNT    CAPITAL     COMPENSATION      INCOME       (DEFICIT)      EQUITY
                                     -----------   ------   ----------   ------------   -------------   ---------   -------------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                  <C>           <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>
Balance at August 1, 1997 as
 reported..........................  140,826,324   1,408       557,452           --          19,432      (163,231)      415,061
Adjustment due to pooling of
 interests.........................    5,811,429      58         1,767           --              --        13,693        15,518
                                     -----------   ------   ----------     --------       ---------     ---------    ----------
Balance at August 1, 1997..........  146,637,753   1,466       559,219           --          19,432      (149,538)      430,579
Comprehensive income (loss):
 Unrealized gains on marketable
   securities......................                                                         160,403
 Foreign currency translation
   adjustments.....................                                                           2,767
                                                                                          ---------
 Total comprehensive income, net of
   tax.............................                                                         163,170                     163,170
Issuance of common stock upon
 exercise of options and other.....    7,003,001      70        42,774           --              --            --        42,844
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to Employee Stock Purchase Plan...      443,928       4         3,755           --              --            --         3,759
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to public offering................   32,029,122     321       486,774           --              --            --       487,095
Distribution to S corporation
 shareholders in connection with
 conversion to C corp..............           --      --        (6,755)          --              --       (12,029)      (18,784)
Repurchase of common shares........     (141,479)     (1)       (1,307)          --              --            --        (1,308)
Stockholder distributions..........           --      --            --           --              --        (7,188)       (7,188)
Tax benefit from employee stock
 option transactions...............           --      --        21,594           --              --            --        21,594
Net income.........................           --      --            --           --              --         6,183         6,183
                                     -----------   ------   ----------     --------       ---------     ---------    ----------
Balance at July 31, 1998...........  185,972,325   1,860     1,106,054           --         182,602      (162,572)    1,127,944
Comprehensive income (loss):
 Unrealized (losses) on marketable
   securities......................                                                         (99,450)
 Foreign currency translation
   adjustments.....................                                                          (4,008)
                                                                                          ---------
 Total comprehensive loss, net of
   tax.............................                                                        (103,458)                   (103,458)
Issuance of common stock upon
 exercise of options and other.....    9,113,204      91        71,796           --              --            --        71,887
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to Employee Stock Purchase Plan...      396,546       4         6,323           --              --            --         6,327
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to acquisition....................      866,449       8        22,791           --              --            --        22,799
Stockholder distributions..........           --      --            --           --              --        (1,049)       (1,049)
Tax benefit from employee stock
 option transactions...............           --      --        58,150           --              --            --        58,150
Adjustment due to acquisitions
 accounted for as a pooling of
 interests.........................           --      --            --           --              --        (7,776)       (7,776)
Net income.........................           --      --            --           --              --       386,564       386,564
                                     -----------   ------   ----------     --------       ---------     ---------    ----------
Balance at July 31, 1999...........  196,348,524   1,963     1,265,114           --          79,144       215,167     1,561,388
Comprehensive income (loss):
 Unrealized losses on marketable
   securities......................                                                         (23,060)
 Foreign currency translation
   adjustments.....................                                                            (498)
                                                                                          ---------
 Total comprehensive loss, net of
   tax.............................                                                         (23,558)                    (23,558)
Issuance of common stock upon
 exercise of options and other.....    6,651,953      67        80,296           --              --            --        80,363
Issuance of restricted common
 stock.............................      225,000       2        15,202      (15,202)             --            --             2
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to Employee Stock Purchase Plan...      355,281       4         9,771           --              --            --         9,775
Issuance of common stock pursuant
 to acquisitions...................      719,197       7        55,618      (16,605)             --            --        39,020
Tax benefit from employee stock
 option transactions...............           --      --        93,515           --              --            --        93,515
Amortization of deferred
 compensation......................           --      --            --        5,285              --            --         5,285
Stockholder distributions..........           --      --            --           --              --          (162)         (162)
Net income.........................           --      --            --           --              --       305,661       305,661
                                     -----------   ------   ----------     --------       ---------     ---------    ----------
Balance at July 31, 2000...........  204,299,955   $2,043   $1,519,516     ($26,522)      $  55,586     $ 520,666    $2,071,289
                                     ===========   ======   ==========     ========       =========     =========    ==========
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.
                                       46
<PAGE>   47

                                  INTUIT INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                                1998         1999         2000
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
                                                                         (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income................................................  $   6,182    $386,564    $   305,661
  Adjustment to retained earnings due to acquisitions
    accounted for as a pooling of interests.................                 (7,776)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
    by operating activities:
    Gain on disposal of business, net of tax................     (1,621)         --             --
    Net gain from marketable securities and investments.....         --    (579,211)      (481,130)
    Gain on sale of facility................................     (1,404)         --             --
    Minority interest.......................................         --         (85)          (135)
    Charge for purchased research and development...........     53,800          --          1,312
    Amortization of acquisition related costs...............     24,330     100,692        166,746
    Depreciation............................................     31,246      41,971         46,458
    Provision for credit losses.............................        568         684             --
    Deferred income tax benefit.............................    (36,485)    (14,742)      (140,368)
    Tax benefit from employee stock options.................     21,594      58,150         93,515
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable.....................................    (17,026)     (3,011)        (3,643)
    Prepaid and other current assets........................    (14,815)    (33,825)        32,453
    Drafts payable..........................................     22,146       5,148        (25,571)
    Escrow liabilities......................................         --         (34)        (8,958)
    Accounts payable........................................     10,008      16,253         12,655
    Accrued compensation and related liabilities............      1,403      12,861          9,142
    Deferred revenue........................................      6,320       7,434         41,584
    Other accrued liabilities...............................     18,083      11,698        (49,722)
    Mortgage loans..........................................    (37,856)     73,373         24,653
    Income taxes payable....................................     (8,508)     72,567        (18,588)
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
      NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES.............     77,965     148,711          6,064
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets and real estate owned....      9,170          --             --
Purchase of property and equipment..........................    (39,948)    (81,308)       (94,944)
Sale of marketable securities...............................         --     531,426        681,388
Purchase of marketable securities...........................        (93)    (50,050)       (18,800)
Liquidation and maturity of short-term investments..........    213,176     278,636      1,346,993
Purchase of short-term investments..........................   (293,306)   (346,574)    (2,056,060)
Acquisitions and dispositions, net of cash acquired.........   (350,288)   (117,608)       (41,987)
Increase in other assets....................................     (1,276)     (6,977)       (17,614)
Stockholder repayments......................................        665         994             --
Purchase of long-term investments, net......................    (17,009)    (28,164)        (1,656)
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
      NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES...   (478,909)    180,375       (202,680)
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
Net borrowings under warehouse line of credit...............     18,714     (68,112)       (27,316)
Net payments under reverse repurchase agreement.............     (6,640)    (11,521)            --
Principal payments on long-term debt........................     (6,580)        (21)        (3,323)
Stockholder distributions...................................    (25,974)     (1,464)          (162)
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of
  purchases.................................................    532,358     136,397         90,140
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
      NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES.............    511,878      55,279         59,339
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents........    110,934     384,365       (137,277)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period............     58,931     169,865        554,230
                                                              ---------    --------    -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period..................  $ 169,865    $554,230    $   416,953
                                                              =========    ========    ===========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Interest paid...............................................  $   7,486    $  2,650    $     2,554
                                                              =========    ========    ===========
Income taxes paid...........................................  $   6,054    $ 66,005    $   270,271
                                                              =========    ========    ===========
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.
                                       47
<PAGE>   48

                                  INTUIT INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  The Company

    Intuit Inc. develops, sells and supports small business accounting and
management, tax preparation and consumer finance desktop software products,
financial supplies (such as computer checks, envelopes and invoices), and
Internet-based products and services for individuals and small businesses. Our
products and services are designed to automate commonly performed financial
tasks and to simplify the way individuals and small businesses manage their
finances and businesses. We sell our products and services throughout North
America and in many international markets. Sales are made primarily through
retail and OEM distribution channels, traditional direct sales to customers and
via the Internet.

  Basis of Presentation

    The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of
Intuit and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain other previously
reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation
format.

    As discussed in Note 3, in December, 1999, we acquired all of the
outstanding stock of Rock Financial Corporation, a provider of consumer
mortgages, based in Michigan and Title Source Inc. ("Title Source"), a title
insurance and escrow company affiliated with Rock, in exchange for the issuance
of common shares of Intuit stock. Rock subsequently changed its name to Quicken
Loans Inc. These acquisitions have been accounted for as poolings of interests
in accordance with Accounting Principles Board 16 ("APB 16") and accordingly,
the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, have been
restated as of the earliest period presented to include the results of
operations, financial position and cash flows of the above pooled entities.

    Intuit reports its financial results on a July 31 fiscal year-end basis,
whereas Rock and Title Source reported their financial results on a December 31
calendar year-end basis prior to the acquisitions. For the purpose of pooling of
interests accounting, Rock and Title Source changed their year-end from December
31, to July 31. Intuit's statement of operations for the year ended July 31,
1998 was combined with Rock's and Title Source's statements of operations for
the twelve months ended December 31, 1998. Intuit's statement of operations for
the year ended July 31, 1999 was combined with Rock's and Title Source's
statements of operations for the twelve months ended June 30, 1999. As a result,
Rock's and Title Source's revenues and net income of $52.7 million and $7.8
million, respectively for the six month period ended December 31, 1998 have been
included in our combined results for both fiscal 1998 and fiscal 1999. This $7.8
million in net income has been reflected as an adjustment to retained earnings
for the year ended July 31, 1999. Our fiscal 2000 financial statements, includes
results for Rock and Title Source for the thirteen months ended July 31, 2000.

  Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include all of our accounts and those
of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We have eliminated all significant
intercompany accounts and transactions. Investments in which management intends
to maintain more than a temporary 20% to 50% interest, or otherwise has the
ability to exercise significant influence, are accounted for under the equity
method. Investments in which we have less than a 20% interest and/or do not have
the ability to exercise significant influence are carried at the lower of cost
or estimated realizable value.

                                       48
<PAGE>   49
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Use of Estimates

    To comply with generally accepted accounting principles, we make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
the disclosures made in the accompanying notes. Our most significant estimates
are related to reserves for product returns and exchanges, reserves for rebates
and the collectability of accounts receivable. We also use estimates to
determine the remaining economic lives and carrying value of goodwill, purchased
intangibles, and fixed assets. Despite our intention to establish accurate
estimates and assumptions, actual results may differ from our estimates.

  Net Revenue

    Intuit recognizes revenue upon shipment of our shrink-wrapped products based
on "FOB shipping" terms. Under FOB shipping terms, title and risk of loss are
transferred, and we have no continuing obligations, once our products are
delivered to the shipper. We recognize revenue upon shipment, net of return
reserves based on historical experience. To recognize revenue, it must also be
probable that we will collect the accounts receivable from our customers.
Reserves are provided for returns of excess quantities of current product
versions, as well as previous versions of products still in the distribution
channel when new versions are launched. In some situations, we receive advance
payments from our customers. Revenue associated with these advance payments is
deferred until the products are shipped or services are provided. We also reduce
revenue by the estimated cost of rebates when products are shipped.

    We recognize revenue from Internet products and services when that revenue
is "earned" based on the nature of the particular product or service. For
Internet products and services that are provided over a period of time, revenue
is recognized pro rata based on the passage of the contractual time period
during which the product or service is to be provided or in accordance with
agreed upon performance criteria. However, where the Internet product or service
is to be provided or delivered at one point in time, revenue is recognized upon
delivery of the product or completion of the service, rather than over time. For
example, we earn advertising revenues from third parties that advertise on
certain of our websites and contract to run such advertisements for a particular
period of time. In that case, the associated advertising revenue is recognized
ratably over the contractual time period during which the advertising is to be
placed. By contrast, for on-line transactions for which we receive a payment
(such as the sale of insurance through our QuickenInsurance website), revenue is
recognized upon completion of the transaction, assuming there are no remaining
obligations on our part. To recognize revenue, it must be probable that we will
collect the accounts receivable from our customers.

    Intuit also offers several plans under which customers are charged for
technical support assistance. Fees charged for these plans are collected in
advance and are recognized as revenue over a period of time (generally one year)
at a rate that is based on historical call volumes for support, which
approximates when these services are performed. Costs incurred for fee for
support plans are included in cost of goods sold.

    We defer loan origination revenue and associated incremental direct costs on
loans held for sale until the related loan is sold. We recognize gains and
losses on loans at the time we sell them, based upon the difference between the
selling price and the carrying value of the related loans sold. We recognize
loan servicing revenue as the related principal is collected. We recognize
interest income on mortgage loans as it is earned, and we recognize interest
expenses on related borrowings as we incur them.

                                       49
<PAGE>   50
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Customer Service and Technical Support

    Customer service and technical support costs include the costs associated
with performing order processing, answering customer inquiries and providing
telephone assistance. In connection with the sale of certain products, Intuit
provides a limited amount of free telephone support service to customers. This
free service, also referred to as post-contract customer support, is included in
this expense category. We do not defer the recognition of any revenue associated
with sales of these products, since the cost of providing this free support is
insignificant. The support is provided within one year after the associated
revenue is recognized and enhancements are minimal and infrequent. The estimated
cost of providing this free support is accrued upon product shipment.

    In situations where customers are charged for technical support assistance,
the costs incurred in providing services are included in cost of goods sold
rather than as customer service and technical support expenses.

  Advertising

    We expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense for the years
ended July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was approximately $40.2 million, $53.3
million and $57.9 million, respectively.

  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

    Intuit considers highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Short-term investments
are considered available-for-sale securities and are carried at amortized cost,
which approximates fair value. Available-for-sale securities are classified as
current assets based upon our intent and ability to use any and all of these
securities as necessary to satisfy the significant short-term liquidity
requirements that may arise from the highly seasonal and cyclical nature of our
business. Based on our significant business seasonality, cash flow requirements
within quarters may fluctuate dramatically and require us to use a significant
amount of the short-term investments held as available-for-sale securities.

    The following schedule summarizes the estimated fair value of our cash, cash
equivalents, and short-term investments:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,     JULY 31,
                                                                1999         2000
                                                              --------    ----------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Cash and cash equivalents:
  Cash......................................................  $ 56,548    $    4,298
  Money market funds........................................   294,190       338,462
  Commercial paper & corporate notes........................   156,037        29,543
  Municipal bonds...........................................    37,455        44,650
  U.S. Government securities................................    10,000            --
                                                              --------    ----------
                                                              $554,230    $  416,953
                                                              ========    ==========
Short-term investments:
  Certificates of deposit...................................  $  9,901    $    5,053
  Corporate notes...........................................    19,482        75,640
  Municipal bonds...........................................   284,057       920,360
  U.S. Government securities................................    27,713        49,167
  Restricted short-term investments.........................   (36,028)           --
                                                              --------    ----------
                                                              $305,125    $1,050,220
                                                              ========    ==========
</TABLE>

                                       50
<PAGE>   51
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    The estimated fair value of cash equivalents and short-term investments
classified by the maturity date listed on the security is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,     JULY 31,
                                                                1999         2000
                                                              --------    ----------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Due within one year.........................................  $735,349    $  595,456
Due within two years........................................   101,784       157,309
Due within three years......................................     1,702        13,039
Due after three years.......................................        --       697,071
Restricted short-term investments...........................   (36,028)           --
                                                              --------    ----------
                                                              $802,807    $1,462,875
                                                              ========    ==========
</TABLE>

    Realized gains and losses from sales of each type of instrument were
immaterial for all periods presented.

  Marketable Securities

    As explained in greater detail below, we currently hold several marketable
securities, most of which we acquired in connection with strategic business
transactions and relationships. Our available-for-sale marketable securities are
carried at fair value and we include unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, in
stockholders' equity. For purposes of the table below, the cost basis for each
security was determined using the average purchase price. We have designated our
investments in At Home Corporation (which does business as Excite@Home),
VeriSign and 724 Solutions as trading securities and fluctuations in the market
value of these shares are reported in net income on a quarterly basis. We held
the following marketable securities at July 31, 1999 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  GROSS UNREALIZED
                                                                 -------------------   NET RECOGNIZED
                                                        COST       GAIN       LOSS          LOSS        FAIR VALUE
                                                      --------   --------   --------   --------------   ----------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>              <C>
1999
  Checkfree Corporation common stock................  $150,081   $152,177   $     --      $     --       $302,258
  Excite@Home common stock..........................   132,060         --         --       (36,856)        95,204
  S1 Corporation common stock.......................    49,997         --    (16,140)           --         33,857
                                                      --------   --------   --------      --------       --------
                                                      $332,138   $152,177   $(16,140)     $(36,856)      $431,319
                                                      ========   ========   ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  GROSS UNREALIZED
                                                                 -------------------   NET RECOGNIZED
                                                        COST       GAIN       LOSS          LOSS        FAIR VALUE
                                                      --------   --------   --------   --------------   ----------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>              <C>
2000
  Checkfree Corporation common stock................  $ 36,875   $115,000   $     --      $     --       $151,875
  Excite@Home common stock..........................   119,366         --         --       (92,997)        26,369
  Homestore.com, Inc. common stock..................     1,689     10,626         --            --         12,315
  Quotesmith.com, Inc. common stock.................     5,645         --     (2,721)           --          2,924
  S1 Corporation common stock.......................    49,997         --    (25,302)           --         24,695
  VeriSign, Inc. (formerly Signio) common stock.....     4,916         --         --        (1,833)         3,083
  724 Solutions (formerly eZlogin) common stock.....     7,700         --         --        (3,083)         4,617
                                                      --------   --------   --------      --------       --------
                                                      $226,188   $125,626   $(28,023)     $(97,913)      $225,878
                                                      ========   ========   ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>

    In January 1997, we sold our online banking and bill payment transaction
processing business to Checkfree Corporation. We obtained marketable securities
in Checkfree as a result of this sale. We account for the investment

                                       51
<PAGE>   52
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

in Checkfree as an available-for-sale equity security, which accordingly is
carried at market value. Checkfree common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol CKFR. The closing price of Checkfree common stock at
July 31, 2000 was $60.75 per share. At July 31, 2000, we held 2.5 million
shares, or approximately 4.3%, of Checkfree's outstanding common stock.

    In connection with At Home Corporation's acquisition of Excite in May 1999,
our shares of Excite were converted into Excite@Home common stock. We have
elected to report these converted Excite@Home shares as a trading security. As a
result, we are reporting both positive and negative fluctuations in the market
value of this stock in net income. At July 31, 2000, we owned approximately 1.9
million shares (or approximately 0.5%) of Excite@Home common stock and reported
a recognized valuation loss of approximately $93.0 million for these securities
for fiscal 2000. The closing price of Excite@Home (Nasdaq symbol ATHM) at July
31, 2000, was $14.00 per share.

    In August 1999, we acquired 729,165 shares of common stock of Homestore.com,
Inc. upon conversion of our preferred shares in connection with Homestore.com's
initial public offering. We account for the investment in Homestore.com as an
available-for-sale equity security, which accordingly is carried at market
value. Homestore.com common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol HOMS. The closing price of Homestore.com common stock at July 31,
2000, was $35.00 per share. At July 31, 2000, we held 351,865 shares, or
approximately 0.4%, of Homestore.com's outstanding common stock.

    In February 1999, we purchased one million shares of common stock of
Quotesmith.com, Inc. We purchased an additional 272,727 shares of Quotesmith.com
in August 1999 at the time of its initial public offering. We account for the
investment in Quotesmith.com as an available-for-sale equity security, which
accordingly is carried at market value. Quotesmith.com common stock is quoted on
the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol QUOT. The closing price of
Quotesmith.com common stock at July 31, 2000 was $2.44 per share. At July 31,
2000, we held 1,197,327 shares, or approximately 6.2%, of Quotesmith.com's
outstanding common stock.

    In May 1999, we purchased 970,813 shares of common stock of Security First
Technologies. In November 1999, Security First Technologies changed its name to
S1 Corporation. We account for the investment in S1 as an available-for-sale
equity security, which accordingly is carried at market value. S1 common stock
is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SONE. The closing price
of S1 common stock at July 31, 2000 was $25.44 per share. At July 31, 2000, we
held 970,813 shares, or approximately 1.8%, of S1's outstanding common stock. In
connection with the above purchase, we also received an option to purchase up to
additional 4,579,187 shares of S1 exercisable at a per share purchase price of
$51.50.

    In connection with VeriSign Corporation's acquisition of Signio in February
2000, our shares of Signio were converted into VeriSign common stock. At the
time of the conversion of our existing Signio shares into VeriSign shares, we
recorded a realized gain of approximately $48.2 million. We have elected to
report these converted VeriSign shares as a trading security. As a result, we
are reporting both positive and negative fluctuations in the market value of
this stock in net income. At July 31, 2000, we owned 19,431 shares (less than
1%) of VeriSign common stock and reported a recognized valuation loss of
approximately $1.8 million for these securities for fiscal 2000. The closing
price of VeriSign (Nasdaq symbol VRSN) at July 31, 2000, was $158.69 per share.

    In connection with 724 Solutions Inc.'s acquisition of eZlogin in June 2000,
our shares of eZlogin were converted into 724 Solutions common stock. At the
time of the conversion of our existing eZlogin shares into 724 Solutions shares,
we recorded a realized gain of approximately $5.4 million. We have elected to
report these converted 724 Solutions shares as a trading security. As a result,
we are reporting both positive and negative fluctuations in the market value of
this stock in net income. At July 31, 2000, we owned 137,808 shares (or

                                       52
<PAGE>   53
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

approximately 0.4%) of 724 Solutions common stock and reported a recognized
valuation loss of approximately $3.1 million for these securities for fiscal
2000. The closing price of 724 Solutions (Nasdaq symbol SVNX) at July 31, 2000,
was $33.50 per share.

    During fiscal year 2000, we sold 7,675,000 shares of Checkfree, 377,300
shares of Homestore.com, and 174,877 shares of VeriSign. In connection with
these sales we recognized realized gains of $505.1 million, $15.4 million, and
$6.2 million, respectively. Total net gains from marketable securities were
$481.1 million for fiscal 2000.

    All of our marketable securities are stocks of high technology companies
that are subject to substantial volatility. Accordingly, it is possible that the
market price of one or more of these companies' stocks could decline
substantially and quickly, which could result in a material reduction in the
carrying value of these assets.

  Mortgage Lines of Credit

    For mortgage lines of credit we estimate fair value based on the discounted
value of contractual cash flows using interest rates currently in effect for
similar maturities and collateral requirements. The carrying amount of these
lines of credit approximates their estimated fair values since all of the
borrowings have variable interest rates that approximate current market interest
rates for similar types of lines of credit and are due upon demand. The carrying
amount of mortgage lines of credit held at July 31, 1999 and 2000, were $30.0
million and $2.6 million, respectively.

  Mortgage Loans

    We carry mortgage loans at estimated realizable value, and we estimate their
fair value using quoted market prices for similar loans, adjusted for
differences in loan characteristics, including credit quality. The carrying
amount of accrued interest receivable approximates the assets' fair value. The
carrying amount of mortgage loans held at July 31, 1999 and 2000, were $85.0
million and $60.3 million, respectively.

  Property and Equipment

    Property and equipment is stated at cost. We calculate depreciation using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which
range from 3 to 30 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the
straight-line method over the lesser of the estimated useful lives or remaining
lease terms. Property and equipment consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,     JULY 31,
                                                                1999         2000
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Machinery and equipment.....................................  $ 138,762    $ 204,836
Furniture and fixtures......................................     30,035       31,204
Leasehold improvements......................................     40,524       54,370
Land and buildings..........................................      9,049       11,551
Construction in progress....................................      2,703        8,247
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                                221,073      310,208
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization..............   (101,853)    (142,501)
                                                              ---------    ---------
                                                              $ 119,220    $ 167,707
                                                              =========    =========
</TABLE>

                                       53
<PAGE>   54
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Goodwill and Intangible Assets

    We record goodwill when the cost of net assets we acquire exceeds their fair
value. Goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from
3 to 5 years. The cost of identified intangibles is generally amortized on a
straight-line basis over periods ranging from 1 to 10 years. When appropriate we
perform reviews to determine if the carrying value of assets is impaired. The
reviews look for the existence of facts or circumstances, either internal or
external, which indicate that the carrying value of the asset cannot be
recovered. No such impairment has been indicated to date. If, in the future,
management determines the existence of impairment indicators, we would use
undiscounted cash flows to initially determine whether impairment should be
recognized. If necessary, we would perform a subsequent calculation to measure
the amount of the impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying value over
the fair value of the impaired assets. If quoted market prices for the assets
are not available, the fair value would be calculated using the present value of
estimated expected future cash flows. The cash flow calculations would be based
on management's best estimates, using appropriate assumptions and projections at
the time.

    Goodwill and purchased intangible assets consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         NET BALANCE AT JULY 31,
                                                              LIFE IN    ------------------------
                                                               YEARS       1999           2000
                                                              -------    ---------      ---------
                                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>            <C>
Goodwill....................................................  3 -  5     $383,102       $358,890
Customer lists..............................................  3 -  5       66,934         57,890
Covenant not to compete.....................................  3 -  5        2,492          4,992
Purchased technology........................................  1 -  5       17,751         10,990
Assembled workforce.........................................  2 -  5        3,972          1,976
Trade names and logos.......................................  1 - 10        6,900          4,140
</TABLE>

    Balances presented above are net of total accumulated amortization of $210.1
million and $465.3 million at July 31, 1999 and July 31, 2000, respectively.

  Concentration of Credit Risk

    Intuit operates in an industry that is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. Many circumstances could have an unfavorable impact on Intuit's
operating results. Examples include significant technological changes in the
industry, changes in customer requirements or the emergence of competitive
products or services with new capabilities.

    We are also subject to risks related to our significant balances of
short-term investments, marketable securities and trade accounts receivable. At
July 31, 2000, we held approximately $226 million in marketable securities, as
described in "Marketable Securities", above in Note 1. Fluctuations in the
market value of our shares in Excite@Home, VeriSign and 724 Solutions result in
recognized gains and losses in our statement of operations on an ongoing basis,
since these investments are treated as trading securities. If there is a
permanent decline in the value of any other marketable securities below cost, we
would report this decline in our statement of operations. See "Marketable
Securities," above in Note 1 for a discussion of risks associated with our
marketable securities. Our remaining portfolio is diversified and consists
primarily of short-term investment-grade securities.

    To reduce the credit risk associated with accounts receivable, Intuit
performs ongoing evaluations of customer credit. Generally, no collateral is
required. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have
historically been within our expectations.

                                       54
<PAGE>   55
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    In the normal course of our mortgage business, we enter into loan
commitments to extend credit in order the meet the financing needs of our
customers. Loan commitments are agreements to lend to a customer as long as all
conditions specified in the contract are met. Commitments generally have fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the customer to
pay a fee. We evaluate each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis.
The amount of collateral we obtain is based on our credit evaluation of the
customer.

    Loan commitments subject us to market risks and credit risks. Market risk
occurs if interest rates rise after a loan commitment is made. To offset this
risk on conventional loans that are in process, we purchase puts and calls on
U.S. Treasury securities. At July 31, 2000, we held calls in the amount of $7.5
million. The credit risk associated with these puts and calls on U.S. Treasury
securities is a small fraction of the notional amount of the securities and is
reflected in their fair value. Loan commitments also involve credit risk
relating to the customer, which is not reflected on the balance sheet. We use
the same credit policies for making credit commitments as we do for the
underlying loan product.

    Loan commitments to extend credit at July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    JULY 31, 1998            JULY 31, 1999            JULY 31, 2000
                                                ---------------------    ---------------------    ---------------------
                                                 FIXED-     VARIABLE-     FIXED-     VARIABLE-     FIXED-     VARIABLE-
                                                  RATE        RATE         RATE        RATE         RATE        RATE
                                                --------    ---------    --------    ---------    --------    ---------
                                                                            (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                             <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
Conventional prime loans......................  $299,000     $49,000     $213,000     $58,000     $167,000     $31,100
Sub-prime loans...............................     8,000          31        7,300          85        4,200       1,700
High-LTV loans................................       500          --          400          --          600          --
                                                --------     -------     --------     -------     --------     -------
                                                $307,500     $49,031     $220,700     $58,085     $171,800     $32,800
                                                ========     =======     ========     =======     ========     =======
</TABLE>

  Foreign Currency

    Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the
exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue, costs and expenses are
translated at average rates of exchange in effect during the year. We report
translation gains and losses as a separate component of stockholders' equity.
Net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions were
immaterial in all periods presented.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    SFAS 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income" establishes standards for the
reporting and display of comprehensive net income and its components. However,
it has no impact on our net income as presented in our financial statements.
SFAS 130 requires foreign currency translation adjustments and changes in the
fair value of available-for-sale securities to be included in comprehensive
income.

                                       55
<PAGE>   56
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    The components of comprehensive net income are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              ----------------------------------
                                                                1998         1999         2000
                                                              ---------    ---------    --------
                                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>
Beginning balance gain, net of tax..........................  $  19,432    $ 182,602    $ 79,144
Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities.............    267,338     (165,750)    (38,433)
Tax benefit (effect) on unrealized gain.....................   (106,935)      66,300      15,373
Translation adjustment gain (loss), net of tax..............      2,767       (4,008)       (498)
                                                              ---------    ---------    --------
Ending balance gain, net of tax.............................  $ 182,602    $  79,144    $ 55,586
                                                              =========    =========    ========
</TABLE>

    The change in unrealized loss on marketable securities during 1999 and 2000
includes reclassification adjustments totaling $616.1 million and $520.8
million, respectively, relating to gains realized in income from sale of
securities and reclassification of available-for-sale securities to trading
securities. Accumulated unrealized holding gains, net of taxes, were $181.1
million at July 31, 1998, $81.6 million at July 31, 1999 and $58.6 million at
July 31, 2000. Accumulated translation gain (loss), net of taxes, was $1.5
million at July 31, 1998, $(2.5) million at July 31, 1999 and $(3.0) million at
July 31, 2000.

  Deferred Stock-based Compensation

    We recognize deferred stock compensation for the difference between the
exercise price and the fair value of stock options and unvested options issued
in exchange for options of acquired companies. The deferred stock compensation
is amortized straight-line over the vesting term of such options. During fiscal
2000, Intuit recorded deferred compensation of $31.8 million and amortization
expense of $5.3 million.

  Recent Pronouncements

    In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and
hedging activities. It requires us to recognize all derivatives as either assets
or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.
It further provides criteria for derivative instruments to be designated as fair
value, cash flow, or foreign currency hedges, and establishes accounting
standards for reporting changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments.
Upon the date of adoption, August 1, 2000, the impact of applying SFAS 133 was
immaterial.

    In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements ("SAB
101"), and amended it in March and June 2000. SAB 101 provides guidance on the
recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in financial statements for
all public registrants. Changes in our revenue recognition policy, if any,
resulting from the interpretation of SAB 101 would be reported as a change in
accounting principle. We are currently reviewing the impact of SAB 101 on our
previously reported results of operations and anticipate that we will adopt SAB
101 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001.

    In March 2000, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation 44, "Accounting for
Certain Transactions involving Stock Compensation," an interpretation of APB
Opinion 25 ("FIN 44"). FIN 44 applies prospectively to new stock option awards,
exchanges of awards in a business combination, modifications to outstanding
awards, and changes in grantee status that occur on or after July 1, 2000.
Although we are still in the process of analyzing the impact of FIN 44, if any,
on our consolidated statements and related disclosures, we do not expect a
material impact on our historically reported financial position or results of
operations.

                                       56
<PAGE>   57
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

 2. PER SHARE DATA

    Basic income per share is computed using the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is
computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common
equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares
consist of the shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options under the
treasury stock method. All share and per share amounts shown in this table have
been restated to reflect a three for one stock split effective September 30,
1999 (see Note 10). The following table shows the computation of basic and
diluted income per share for the years ended July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              --------------------------------
                                                                1998        1999        2000
                                                              --------    --------    --------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND
                                                                      PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
BASIC:
  Weighted average common shares outstanding................   157,147     190,927     200,770
                                                              ========    ========    ========
  Net income................................................  $  6,182    $386,564    $305,661
                                                              ========    ========    ========
  Per share amount..........................................  $   0.04    $   2.02    $   1.52
                                                              ========    ========    ========
DILUTED:
  Weighted average common shares outstanding................   157,147     190,927     200,770
  Equivalent shares issuable upon exercise of options.......     6,744       8,889      10,501
                                                              --------    --------    --------
  Shares used in per share amounts..........................   163,891     199,816     211,271
                                                              ========    ========    ========
  Net income................................................  $  6,182    $386,564    $305,661
                                                              ========    ========    ========
  Per share amount..........................................  $   0.04    $   1.93    $   1.45
                                                              ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

    The effect of options to purchase 2.8 million shares of common stock in 1999
and 2.3 million shares of common stock in 2000 was not included in the
computation of diluted income per share because the option exercise prices were
greater than the average market price of common stock.

 3. ACQUISITIONS

    On December 8, 1999, we completed the purchase of all of the outstanding
shares of Rock for approximately 8.6 million shares of Intuit common stock. Rock
is a provider of consumer mortgages and is based in Michigan. In connection with
the acquisition, Intuit assumed all of Rock's outstanding employee stock
options, which were converted into options to purchase approximately 1.2 million
shares of Intuit common stock. Rock stockholders received 0.58 shares of Intuit
common stock for each share of Rock common stock. In a related transaction,
Intuit also completed the acquisition of Title Source, Inc., an affiliate of
Rock, for approximately 150,000 shares of Intuit common stock. Title Source
provides title insurance and escrow services to real estate agents, lenders,
attorneys, corporations and homeowners. We accounted for the acquisitions of
Rock and Title Source as a pooling of interests

                                       57
<PAGE>   58
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

for accounting purposes and have restated all previously reported amounts to
reflect the effect of the pooling. A net revenue and net income (loss)
reconciliation for the years ended July 31, 1998 and 1999 is summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                                  ----------------------
                                                                    1998          1999
                                                                  --------      --------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                     PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                               <C>           <C>
Net revenue:
  Intuit....................................................      $592,736      $847,568
  Quicken Loans and Title Source............................        96,546        92,867
                                                                  --------      --------
  Combined..................................................      $689,282      $940,435
                                                                  ========      ========
Net income (loss):
  Intuit....................................................      $(12,157)     $376,549
  Quicken Loans and Title Source............................        18,339        10,015
                                                                  --------      --------
  Combined..................................................      $  6,182      $386,564
                                                                  ========      ========
Basic net income (loss) per share:
  Intuit....................................................      $  (0.08)     $   2.06
  Quicken Loans and Title Source............................          0.12         (0.04)
                                                                  --------      --------
  Combined..................................................      $   0.04      $   2.02
                                                                  ========      ========

Diluted net income (loss) per share; Intuit.................      $  (0.08)     $   1.97
  Quicken Loans and Title Source............................          0.12         (0.04)
                                                                  --------      --------
  Combined..................................................      $   0.04      $   1.93
                                                                  ========      ========
</TABLE>

    The acquisitions described below have been accounted for as purchase
transactions in accordance with APB No. 16 and, accordingly, the results of
operations and financial position of the acquired businesses are included in
Intuit's consolidated financial statements only after the date of acquisition.

    In June 1998, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Lacerte
Software Corporation and Lacerte Educational Services Corporation (together,
"Lacerte"), for cash. Lacerte is a leading developer and marketer of tax
preparation software and services for tax professionals. The purchase price was
approximately $400 million, which was funded by a public offering of 30.0
million shares of common stock in May and June 1998. In addition, we assumed
liabilities of $31.8 million. Note 10 provides more information on this public
offering.

    The acquisition of Lacerte was treated as a purchase for accounting
purposes. We allocated approximately $358.2 million of the purchase price to
identified intangible assets and goodwill. These assets are being amortized over
a period of three to five years. We also expensed approximately $53.8 million of
in-process research and development at the time of the acquisition. The
following table shows pro forma net revenue, net loss from

                                       58
<PAGE>   59
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

continuing operations and diluted net loss per share from continuing operations
of Intuit and Lacerte for the fiscal year ending July 31, 1998 as if we had
acquired Lacerte at the beginning of fiscal 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 1998
                                                                  --------------------------
                                                                  INCLUDING
                                                                   LACERTE       AS REPORTED
                                                                  ---------      -----------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER
                                                                    SHARE DATA; UNAUDITED)
<S>                                                               <C>            <C>
Net revenue.................................................      $764,790        $689,282
Net income (loss) from continuing operations................       (38,350)          6,182
Diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing
  operations................................................      $  (0.23)       $   0.04
</TABLE>

    On April 7, 1999, we acquired the customer list and intellectual property
rights of TaxByte, Inc., for approximately $11 million in cash. TaxByte was a
professional tax preparation software company with a customer base of
approximately 3,600 professional tax preparers. The acquisition was treated as a
purchase for accounting purposes and the entire purchase price was allocated to
identified intangible assets and goodwill to be amortized over five years. We
did not acquire any tangible assets or assume any liabilities in connection with
the purchase.

    On May 3, 1999, we acquired Computing Resources, Inc. ("CRI"), a Reno,
Nevada-based provider of payroll services. The purchase price for privately-held
CRI was approximately $200 million, consisting of approximately $100 million
cash and approximately $25 million of Intuit stock that was paid at closing, and
$75 million in cash being paid in three annual installments of $25 million each.

    We accounted for the acquisition of CRI as a purchase for accounting
purposes and allocated approximately $187 million to identified intangible
assets and goodwill. These assets are being amortized over a period of three to
five years. The following table shows pro forma net revenue, net income (loss)
from continuing operations and diluted net loss per share from continuing
operations of Intuit and CRI as if we had acquired CRI at the beginning of
fiscal 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEAR ENDED JULY 31,     YEAR ENDED JULY 31,
                                                                       1998                     1999
                                                              -----------------------   --------------------
                                                              INCLUDING                 INCLUDING      AS
                                                                 CRI      AS REPORTED      CRI      REPORTED
                                                              ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA;
                                                                                UNAUDITED)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
Net revenue.................................................  $721,182     $689,282     $966,183    $940,435
Net income (loss) from continuing operations................   (25,759)       6,182      361,197     386,564
Diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing
  operations................................................  $  (0.16)    $   0.04     $   1.81    $   1.93
</TABLE>

    On June 11, 1999, we acquired the customer list and intellectual property
rights of Compucraft Tax Services, LLC, for approximately $8 million in cash,
with a provision that could increase the overall purchase price if certain
performance targets are met. Compucraft was a professional tax preparation
service bureau company with an active customer base of approximately 3,400
professional tax preparers. The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase for
accounting purposes. The entire purchase price was allocated to identified
intangible assets. No liabilities were assumed in connection with the purchase.

    On August 2, 1999, we completed the purchase of all of the outstanding
common and Series A preferred stock of Boston Light Software Corp. ("Boston
Light") for approximately $33.5 million in stock. In connection with the
agreement, Intuit assumed 482,910 of Boston Light's outstanding employee stock
options, which were converted into 160,970 shares of Intuit common stock. Boston
Light is a developer of software and web based products for small businesses and
is based in Boston, Massachusetts. We accounted for the acquisition of Boston
Light as a
                                       59
<PAGE>   60
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

purchase for accounting purposes and allocated approximately $24.0 million to
identified intangible assets, goodwill and deferred compensation. These assets
are being amortized over a period of three to five years. We also expensed
approximately $0.3 million of in-process research and development at the time of
acquisition.

    On August 9, 1999, we completed the purchase of all of the outstanding
common stock of SecureTax.com, for approximately $52.0 million in cash.
SecureTax is a developer of online tax preparation and electronic filing
services and is based in Rome, Georgia. We accounted for the acquisition of
SecureTax as a purchase for accounting purposes and allocated approximately
$52.0 million to identified intangible assets and goodwill. These assets are
being amortized over a period of three to five years.

    On August 10, 1999, we completed the purchase of all of the outstanding
common stock of Hutchison Avenue Software Corporation ("Hutchison"), for
approximately $7.5 million in cash. Hutchison is a developer of software and web
based products and is based in Ontario, Canada. In connection with the
agreement, Intuit assumed 395,058 of Hutchison's outstanding employee stock
options, which were converted into 131,686 shares of Intuit common stock. We
accounted for the acquisition of Hutchison as a purchase for accounting purposes
and allocated approximately $6.8 million to identified intangible assets and
goodwill. These assets are being amortized over periods of three to five years.
The total purchase price, including the cost associated with the assumption of
Hutchison's stock options, was approximately $18.5 million. We also expensed
approximately $1.1 million of in-process research and development at the time of
acquisition.

    On November 30, 1999, we completed the purchase of all of the outstanding
common stock of Turning Mill Software, Inc. ("Turning Mill") for approximately
$22.1 million in stock. Turning Mill is a developer of software and web based
products based in Acton, Massachusetts. We accounted for the acquisition of
Turning Mill as a purchase for accounting purposes and allocated approximately
$22.1 million to identified intangible assets, goodwill and deferred
compensation. These assets are being amortized over periods of three to five
years. Under the terms of agreement, we issued 416,881 shares of Intuit common
stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Turning Mill.

    For acquisitions treated as a purchase for accounting purposes, we must
determine the allocation between developed and in-process research and
development. This allocation is based on whether or not technological
feasibility has been achieved and whether there is an alternative future use for
the technology. SFAS 86, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be
Sold, Leased or Otherwise Marketed," sets guidelines for establishing
technological feasibility. Technological feasibility can be achieved through the
existence of either a detailed program design or a completed working model. As
of the respective dates of the acquisitions discussed above, we concluded that
the purchased in-process research and development had no alternative future use
and expensed it according to the provisions of SFAS 86.

 4. SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS

    On February 17, 1998, we announced a three-year agreement with America
Online, Inc. ("AOL"). Under the terms of the agreement, subject to certain
limited exceptions, we are the exclusive provider of tax preparation and filing,
multi-carrier life and auto insurance, and multi-lender mortgage services on
both the AOL service and AOL.com, which is AOL's default site for Internet
access by AOL members. In addition, on AOL.com, we are the primary source of
financial content for the Personal Finance Web Channel. We have guaranteed
payments to AOL totaling $30 million over three years. Of that amount $16.2
million was paid upon signing, and the remainder is being amortized over the
term of the agreement. AOL will also be eligible for additional revenue sharing
payments once Intuit has recovered certain advances and other amounts.

                                       60
<PAGE>   61
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    On May 27, 1999, we completed a $50 million investment in Security First
Technologies ("Security First"). In November 1999, Security First Technologies
changed its name to S1 Corporation ("S1"). S1 delivers enterprise-wide Internet
applications for financial institutions. We purchased 970,813 shares of common
stock at a price of $51.50 per share. In connection with this agreement, and
contingent on S1's completion of two subsequent acquisitions, we received
options to purchase 4,579,187 additional shares of S1 common stock, at a per
share purchase price of $51.50. Our investment in S1 was made in connection with
establishing a strategic relationship to deliver online financial software and
services to financial institutions. The common stock of S1 is quoted on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "SONE."

 5. BORROWINGS

    We have two mortgage lines of credit. Advances under the first line of
credit are based on a formula computation, with interest due monthly. Advances
are due on demand and are collateralized by residential first and second
mortgages. Advances may be drawn for working capital and sub-prime, high
loan-to-value and conventional prime mortgage loans. The maximum outstanding
balance permitted under this line is $125 million. Interest rates are variable
and are based on the federal funds rate and prime rate, depending on the type of
advance. The interest rates in effect at July 31, 1999 and July 31, 2000 were
6.29% and 7.69%, respectively. The weighted average interest rates for the years
ended July 31, 1999 and July 31, 2000 were 6.45% and 7.35%, respectively.

    Our second line of credit currently provides for up to $50 million principal
amount of demand loans secured by mortgage loans and other assets. Interest
rates on loans vary depending on the type of underlying loan, and the loans are
subject to sublimits, advance rates and warehouse terms that vary depending on
the type of underlying loan. The interest rates in effect at July 31, 1999 and
July 31, 2000 were 6.37% and 7.89%, respectively, while the weighted average
interest rates for the twelve month periods ended July 31, 1999 and July 31,
2000 were 5.92% and 7.48%, respectively. We are required to maintain a minimum
tangible net worth and to satisfy other financial covenants, as outlined in the
line of credit agreements. We were in compliance with the requirements as of
July 31, 1999 and July 31, 2000.

    Our reverse repurchase agreement entered into in 1997 provided that the
lender will purchase from us, subject to our agreement to repurchase on a
specified date, up to $200 million of conventional prime and sub-prime mortgage
loans at par, as of January 1, 2000. Loans subject to purchase were fixed and
adjustable rate, fully-amortizing first or junior lien residential mortgage
loans and home equity loans that complied with our origination guidelines and
conformed to whole-loan sale requirements. The reverse repurchase agreement was
not a committed facility and the lender could elect to discontinue the
repurchase agreement at any time. The terms of the financing under the
repurchase agreement matured and could be renewed on a daily basis. Interest
rates were variable and were based on the London Interbank Offered Rate,
depending on the type of advance. The interest rate in effect at July 31, 1999
was 5.75%. The weighted average interest rate for the year ended July 31, 1999
was 5.92%. The arrangement terminated in March 2000.

    Drafts payable represent funds advanced for mortgages originated which have
not yet been drawn against the lines of credit.

 6. INDUSTRY SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

    Intuit has adopted SFAS 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise
and Related Information" ("SFAS 131"). SFAS 131 establishes standards for the
way in which public companies disclose certain information about operating
segments in the Company's financial reports. Consistent with SFAS 131, we have
determined our four

                                       61
<PAGE>   62
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

operating segments, outlined below, based on factors such as how our operations
are managed and how results are viewed by management.

    Small Business Division revenue is derived primarily from QuickBooks desktop
products, financial supplies products, payroll services, the QuickBooks Support
Network and QuickBooks Internet Gateway services.

    Tax Division revenue is derived from Quicken Turbo Tax federal and state
consumer desktop tax preparation products, ProSeries and Lacerte professional
tax preparation products, electronic tax filing services and Quicken TurboTax
for the Web online tax preparation services.

    Consumer Finance Division revenues come primarily from Quicken desktop
products, Quicken Loans, advertising, sponsorship and placement fees (both
web-based in Quicken.com, as well as in-product advertising in Quicken), online
transactions and QuickenInsurance.

    International Division revenues come primarily from Yayoi and QuickBooks
small business products in Japan, QuickBooks, Quicken and QuickTax products in
Canada, QuickBooks, Quicken and consumer tax products in Europe, and QuickBooks
and Quicken products in Southeast Asia.

    The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those
described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Intuit does not
track assets by operating segments. Consequently, we do not disclose assets by
operating segments. The following results are broken out by our operating
segments for the fiscal years ended July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 SMALL                CONSUMER
                                                BUSINESS     TAX      FINANCE    INTERNATIONAL
                                                DIVISION   DIVISION   DIVISION     DIVISION      OTHER(1)    CONSOLIDATED
                                                --------   --------   --------   -------------   ---------   ------------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>         <C>
FISCAL 1998
Net revenue...................................  $208,349   $192,789   $217,406     $ 70,738      $      --    $ 689,282
Segment operating income (loss)...............    75,770     79,373     4,509       (11,472)            --      148,180
Common expenses...............................        --         --        --            --        (66,776)     (66,776)
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Sub-total operating income (loss).............    75,770     79,373     4,509       (11,472)       (66,776)      81,404
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Realized gains (losses) on marketable
  securities, net.............................        --         --        --            --             --           --
Acquisition costs.............................        --         --        --            --        (80,909)     (80,909)
Interest income (expense) and other items.....        --         --        --            --            605          605
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Income (loss) before tax......................  $ 75,770   $ 79,373   $ 4,509      $(11,472)     $(147,080)   $   1,100
                                                ========   ========   ========     ========      =========    =========
FISCAL 1999
Net revenue...................................  $292,707   $337,734   $230,549     $ 79,445      $      --    $ 940,435
Segment operating income (loss)...............    95,924    148,464     8,059        (2,252)            --      250,195
Common expenses...............................        --         --        --            --       (114,937)    (114,937)
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Sub-total operating income (loss).............    95,924    148,464     8,059        (2,252)      (114,937)     135,258
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Realized gains (losses) on marketable
  securities, net.............................        --         --        --            --        579,211      579,211
Acquisition costs.............................        --         --        --            --       (100,692)    (100,692)
Interest income (expense) and
  other items.................................        --         --        --            --         18,252       18,252
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Income (loss) before tax......................  $ 95,924   $148,464   $ 8,059      $ (2,252)     $ 381,834    $ 632,029
                                                ========   ========   ========     ========      =========    =========
</TABLE>

                                       62
<PAGE>   63
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 SMALL                CONSUMER
                                                BUSINESS     TAX      FINANCE    INTERNATIONAL
                                                DIVISION   DIVISION   DIVISION     DIVISION      OTHER(1)    CONSOLIDATED
                                                --------   --------   --------   -------------   ---------   ------------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>         <C>
FISCAL 2000
Net revenue...................................  $394,264   $379,270   $225,930     $ 94,361      $      --    $1,093,825
Segment operating income (loss)...............   112,275    165,400    (4,793)       14,042             --      286,924
Common expenses...............................        --         --        --            --       (135,729)    (135,729)
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Sub-total operating income (loss).............   112,275    165,400    (4,793)       14,042       (135,729)     151,195
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Realized gains (losses) on marketable
  securities, net.............................        --         --        --            --        481,130      481,130
Acquisition costs.............................        --         --        --            --       (168,058)    (168,058)
Interest income (expense) and
  other items.................................        --         --        --            --         48,443       48,443
                                                --------   --------   --------     --------      ---------    ---------
Income (loss) before tax......................  $112,275   $165,400   $(4,793)     $ 14,042      $ 225,786    $ 512,710
                                                ========   ========   ========     ========      =========    =========
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) Reconciling items include acquisition and other common costs not allocated
    to specific segments.

 7. OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,    JULY 31,
                                                                1999        2000
                                                              --------    --------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Reserve for returns and exchanges...........................  $ 73,955    $ 60,979
Future payments due for CRI acquisition.....................    66,314      44,916
Other acquisition and disposition related items.............    10,824       6,400
Rebates.....................................................    18,002      21,552
Post-contract customer support..............................     3,418       2,717
Other accruals..............................................    29,359      26,205
                                                              --------    --------
                                                              $201,872    $162,769
                                                              ========    ========
</TABLE>

 8. NOTES PAYABLE AND COMMITMENTS

  NOTES PAYABLE

    In March 2000, our Japanese subsidiary, Intuit KK, entered into a one-year
loan agreement with Japanese banks for approximately $35.1 million which was
used to refinance the three year loan that was entered into in March 1997 to
finance our acquisition of Nihon Micom. The loan is denominated in Japanese yen
and is therefore subject to foreign currency fluctuations when translated to
U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. The interest rate is variable based on the
Tokyo inter-bank offered rate or the short-term prime rate offered in Japan. At
July 31, 2000, the rate was approximately 0.83%. The fair value of the loan
approximates cost as the interest rate on the borrowings is adjusted
periodically to reflect market rates (which are currently significantly lower in
Japan than in the United States). We are obligated to pay interest only on the
loan until March 2001.

    Under the previous loan arrangement we had guaranteed the loan and pledged
approximately $36.0 million, or 110% of the loan balance, of short-term
investments to be restricted as security for the borrowings. The Pledge
agreement was terminated upon refinancing.

                                       63
<PAGE>   64
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    Intuit leases certain office facilities and equipment under various
operating lease agreements. The leases provide for annual rent increases of up
to 10%. Annual minimum commitments under these leases are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   YEARS ENDING JULY 31,                       COMMITMENTS
                   ---------------------                      --------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>
2001........................................................     $ 27,068
2002........................................................       50,523
2003........................................................       75,539
2004........................................................      100,549
2005........................................................      124,072
Thereafter..................................................      145,145
                                                                 --------
                                                                 $522,896
                                                                 ========
</TABLE>

    Total lease expense for the years ended July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 was
approximately $13.8 million, $15.1 million and $21.4 million, respectively.

 9. MORTGAGE LOANS

    The following summarizes mortgage loans by type at July 31, 1999 and July
31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,    JULY 31,
                                                                1999        2000
                                                              --------    --------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Conventional loans..........................................  $65,624     $41,555
Sub-prime loans.............................................   10,683       5,182
Government loans............................................    8,676      12,357
High LTV loans..............................................       --       1,236
                                                              -------     -------
                                                               84,983      60,330
Net deferred loan origination costs.........................       84          81
                                                              -------     -------
Mortgage loans..............................................  $85,067     $60,411
                                                              =======     =======
</TABLE>

    Included in mortgage loans held for investment at July 31, 1999 and July 31,
2000 is an allowance for credit losses of $1.3 million and $0.4 million,
respectively. The activity for the year ended July 31, 1999 includes a provision
of $1.0 million offset by charge-offs of $0.1 million. The activity for the year
ended July 31, 2000 includes a provision of $0.7 million offset by charge-offs
of $1.6 million.

    As of July 31, 1999 and July 31, 2000, there were approximately $1.8 million
and $0.3 million, respectively, of loans held for investment that were greater
than 90 days past due, the vast majority of which was sub-prime loans.

10. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

  Stock Option Plans

    On January 31, 1993, we adopted the 1993 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the
1993 Plan, we may grant incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted
stock awards and stock bonuses to employees, directors, consultants, and
independent contractors of and advisors to Intuit. The Board of Directors or its
delegees determine who will receive grants, exercisability, option price and
other terms. The option exercise price is usually the fair market value at the
date of grant. The options generally vest over a four-year period and expire
after ten years.

    On October 7, 1996, we adopted the 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan. This
plan provides for non-qualified stock options for a specified number of shares
to be granted to non-employee directors of Intuit on an annual basis.
                                       64
<PAGE>   65
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The option exercise price equals the fair market value at the date of grant.
Most options are subject to vesting over time, with vesting periods ranging from
two to four years. All options expire after ten years.

    On November 11, 1998, we adopted the 1998 Option Plan for Mergers and
Acquisitions. Under the 1998 Plan, we may grant non-qualified stock options to
individuals who are hired by Intuit as a result of acquisitions of, or mergers
with, other companies by Intuit. The 1998 Plan has been designed to meet the
"broadly based plans" exemption from the stockholder approval requirement for
stock option plans under the Nasdaq National Market listing requirements and,
accordingly, has not been submitted to Intuit stockholders for approval. Options
under the 1998 Plan can only be granted to eligible individuals within 18 months
following the completion of the relevant acquisition or merger. Options granted
under the 1998 Plan have an exercise price not less than the fair market value
of Intuit's common stock on the date of grant. They will generally become
exercisable over a four-year period based on continued service and expire ten
years after the grant date. Options granted to officers hired as a result of a
merger or acquisition cannot exceed 45% of all shares reserved for grant under
the 1998 Plan.

    In addition, we have several discontinued option plans with outstanding
options. We assumed options in connection with our acquisitions of Boston Light
and Hutchison Avenue Software in August 1999 and Rock Financial Corporation in
December 1999.

    A summary of activity under all option plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------
                                                       SHARES           NUMBER           EXERCISE       WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                                      AVAILABLE           OF             PRICE PER       EXERCISE PRICE
                                                      FOR GRANT         SHARES             SHARE           PER SHARE
                                                     -----------      ----------      ---------------   ----------------
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>             <C>               <C>
Balance at July 31, 1997...........................    6,987,125      28,287,904      $ 0.02 - $28.00        $ 7.58
  Additional shares authorized.....................    6,450,000              --                   --            --
  Options granted..................................   (9,790,690)      9,790,690        8.21 -  18.83         12.97
  Options exercised................................           --      (6,885,018)       0.02 -  14.67          6.33
  Options canceled or expired......................    3,500,251      (3,631,171)       0.76 -  28.00          8.60
                                                     -----------      ----------      ---------------        ------
Balance at July 31, 1998...........................    7,146,686      27,562,405      $ 0.02 - $26.00          9.66
  Additional shares authorized.....................   14,010,000              --                   --            --
  Options granted..................................  (15,466,064)     15,466,064       13.04 -  31.21         23.32
  Options exercised................................           --      (9,093,374)       0.02 -  31.21          8.30
  Options canceled or expired......................    2,239,120      (2,239,863)       0.76 -  31.21         15.46
                                                     -----------      ----------      ---------------        ------
Balance at July 31, 1999...........................    7,929,742      31,695,232      $ 0.02 - $31.21        $16.13
  Additional shares authorized.....................    9,000,000              --                   --            --
  Plans assumed related to acquisitions............      964,941              --                   --            --
  Options converted related to acquisitions........     (964,941)        964,941       0.003 -  51.69          5.21
  Options granted..................................   (9,887,734)      9,887,734        2.50 -  72.31         34.44
  Options exercised................................           --      (6,651,954)      0.003 -  33.53         11.49
  Options canceled or expired......................    4,051,948      (4,623,728)       0.39 -  64.81         22.29
                                                     -----------      ----------      ---------------        ------
Balance at July 31, 2000...........................   11,093,956      31,272,225      $0.003 - $72.31        $23.43
                                                     ===========      ==========      ===============        ======
</TABLE>

    There were 8,742,961, 8,658,814, and 11,608,020 options exercisable under
the various plans at July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively. At July 31,
2000, there were 7,446,689 shares available for grant under the 1993 Plan,
167,500 shares available for grant under the 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan,
and 3,479,767 shares available for grant under the 1998 Plan.

                                       65
<PAGE>   66
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  Stock Split

    Intuit's Board of Directors authorized a three-for-one stock split on
September 8, 1999. This was effected by distributing a 200% stock dividend on
September 30, 1999 to stockholders of record on September 20, 1999. We have
restated all share and per share amounts referred to in the financial statements
and notes to reflect this stock split.

  Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    In October 1996, Intuit adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under
Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and reserved 900,000 shares of common
stock for future issuance. In January 1998, an additional 600,000 shares were
reserved for future issuance, in January 1999, an additional 900,000 shares were
reserved for future issuance, and in November 1999 an additional 400,000 shares
were reserved for future issuance. The plan allows eligible employees to
purchase Intuit's stock at 85% of the lower of the fair market value at the
beginning or end of each six-month offering period. During fiscal 1998, 1999,
and 2000 employees purchased 443,928, 396,546, and 355,281 shares, respectively.

  Stock-Based Compensation

    We follow APB Opinion 25 ("APB 25"), "Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees," in accounting for stock-based compensation. Accordingly, we are not
required to record compensation expense when stock options are granted to
employees, as long as the exercise price is not less than the fair market value
of the stock when the option is granted, and we are not required to record
compensation expense in connection with the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as long
as the purchase price is not less than 85% of the lower of the fair market value
at the beginning or end of each six-month offering period. In October 1995, the
FASB issued SFAS 123, "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation." Although SFAS
123 allows us to continue to follow the present APB 25 guidelines, we are
required to disclose pro forma net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share
as if we had adopted the new statement. The pro forma impact of applying SFAS
123 in fiscal 1998, 1999 and 2000 will not necessarily be representative of the
pro forma impact in future years.

    We have elected to use the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of
options granted. This valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions
including the expected stock price volatility. Because our employee stock
options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded
options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially
affect this estimate, we believe the Black-Scholes model does not necessarily
provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of our employee stock
options. Inputs used for the valuation model are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           OPTIONS                              EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
                         --------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
                             1998           1999            2000            1998            1999            2000
                         ------------   -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                      <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Expected life
  (years)..............  1.61 - 4.61     1.61 - 4.61     1.75 - 4.75         0.5             0.5             0.5
Expected volatility....     0.60%           0.69%           0.73%           0.60%           0.69%           0.73%
Risk-free interest
  rate.................  5.34% - 6.0%   4.10% - 6.31%   5.61% - 6.80%   5.25% - 5.45%   4.59% - 4.93%   5.57% - 5.77%
</TABLE>

                                       66
<PAGE>   67
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    Our pro forma net income (loss) and diluted net income (loss) per share
would have been as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                1998           1999           2000
                                                              ---------      ---------      ---------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
Net income (loss) As reported...............................  $  6,182       $386,564       $305,661
  Pro forma.................................................  $(24,594)      $332,304       $207,965
Diluted net income (loss) per share As reported.............  $   0.04       $   1.93       $   1.45
  Pro forma.................................................  $  (0.15)      $   1.66       $   0.98
</TABLE>

    The weighted average fair value of options granted during fiscal 1998, 1999
and 2000 was approximately $6.72, $10.43 and $23.27.

    The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
as of July 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
- ----------------------------------------------------------------       OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                               WEIGHTED AVERAGE                    ---------------------------
                                  REMAINING          WEIGHTED                      WEIGHTED
                                 CONTRACTUAL         AVERAGE                       AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICE      NUMBER       LIFE (YEARS)     EXERCISE PRICE     NUMBER     EXERCISE PRICE
- --------------    ----------   ----------------   --------------   ----------   --------------
<S>               <C>          <C>                <C>              <C>          <C>
$ 0.00 - $ 7.92    3,350,319         6.15             $ 6.28        2,485,764       $ 7.22
$ 8.08 - $ 9.00    3,520,717         6.86             $ 8.39        2,335,849       $ 8.39
$ 9.10 - $15.00    3,462,847         7.36             $12.44        1,953,076       $12.15
$15.50 - $16.38    3,312,025         7.90             $15.92        1,348,026       $15.88
$16.40 - $26.21    3,447,496         8.51             $22.82        1,369,850       $22.79
$26.31 - $27.25    3,366,501         8.77             $26.62          985,014       $26.58
$27.71 - $29.25    3,732,148         8.96             $28.76          435,692       $27.78
$29.85 - $36.13    3,172,053         9.13             $32.56          501,749       $31.11
$36.94 - $67.56    3,885,619         9.63             $52.94          193,000       $66.03
$72.31 - $72.31       22,500         9.57             $72.31               --       $ 0.00
- ---------------   ----------         ----             ------       ----------       ------
$ 0.00 - $72.31.. 31,272,225         8.17             $23.43       11,608,020       $15.55
===============   ==========         ====             ======       ==========       ======
</TABLE>

11. PROFIT SHARING AND BENEFIT PLANS

  Profit Sharing Plan

    Full-time employees are eligible to participate in Intuit's profit-sharing
plan. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors determines amounts to
be contributed to the plan. Profit-sharing expense for fiscal 1998, 1999 and
2000 was approximately $9.1 million, $12.4 million and $20.7 million,
respectively.

  Benefit Plans

    We provide three 401(k) plans for full-time employees. Participating
employees may contribute up to 15% of pretax salary to the plan, subject to IRS
limitations. Intuit matches a specified portion of the employee contributions up
to a maximum amount per employee per year. The amount is subject to change on an
annual basis. At July 31, 1998, the match was 75%, up to $1,500, at July 31,
1999 and 2000, the match was 75%, up to $2,500. Matching contributions were
approximately $3.0 million, $5.8 million and $6.6 million, respectively, for the
years ended July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000. Our wholly owned subsidiary Lacerte
merged with the existing Intuit 401(k) plan on January 1, 2000. Quicken Loans
maintains its own separate 401(k) plan. Employees under this plan can make
elective contributions to the plan. The plan requires Quicken Loans to
contribute 20% of employee contribu-

                                       67
<PAGE>   68
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

tions to the plan up to a maximum of 1% of the employee's gross pay. Matching
contributions to the Quicken Loans plan for the years ended July 31, 1998, 1999,
and 2000 amounted to $0.1 million, $0.2 million, and $0.6 million, respectively.
The Quicken Loans plan was merged with the existing Intuit plan on August 1,
2000.

12. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

    On April 29, 1998, the Board of Directors adopted a shareholder rights plan
designed to protect the long-term value of Intuit for its stockholders during
any future unsolicited acquisition attempt. In connection with the plan, the
Board declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right for each share
of Intuit's common stock outstanding on May 11, 1998 (the "Record Date") and
further directed the issuance of one such right with respect to each share of
Intuit's common stock that is issued after the Record Date, except in certain
circumstances. If a person or a group (an "Acquiring Person") acquires 20% or
more of Intuit's common stock, or announces an intention to make a tender offer
for Intuit's common stock, the consummation of which would result in a person or
group becoming an Acquiring Person, then the rights will be distributed (the
"Distribution Date"). After the Distribution Date, each right may be exercised
for 1/3000th of a share of a newly designated Series B Junior Participating
Preferred stock at an exercise price of approximately $83.33. The preferred
stock has been structured so that the value of 1/3000th of a share of such
preferred stock will approximate the value of one share of common stock. The
rights will expire on May 1, 2008.

13. INCOME TAXES

    Income before income taxes includes income (loss) from foreign operations of
$(14.5) million, $(9.0) million and $4.4 million for the years ended July 31,
1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The provision for income taxes consisted of
the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              ---------------------------------
                                                                1998        1999        2000
                                                              --------    --------    ---------
                                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Current:
  Federal...................................................  $ 27,319    $214,765    $ 282,740
  State.....................................................     3,694      45,527       62,041
  Foreign...................................................       390          --        2,771
                                                              --------    --------    ---------
                                                                31,403     260,292      347,552
Deferred:
  Federal...................................................   (29,683)    (14,529)    (117,276)
  State.....................................................    (6,802)       (213)     (23,092)
                                                              --------    --------    ---------
                                                               (36,485)    (14,742)    (140,368)
                                                              --------    --------    ---------
Total provision (benefit) for income taxes..................  $ (5,082)   $245,550    $ 207,184
                                                              ========    ========    =========
</TABLE>

                                       68
<PAGE>   69
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

    Differences between income taxes calculated using the federal statutory
income tax rate of 35% and the provision (benefit) for income taxes were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED JULY 31,
                                                              -------------------------------
                                                               1998        1999        2000
                                                              -------    --------    --------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>         <C>
Income before income taxes..................................  $ 1,100    $632,029    $512,710
                                                              =======    ========    ========
Statutory federal income tax................................  $   385    $221,211    $179,449
State income tax, net of federal benefit....................   (1,812)     29,454      25,317
Federal research and experimental credits...................   (2,700)     (4,500)     (5,000)
Non-deductible merger related charges.......................    3,814         980      11,263
Tax exempt interest.........................................   (2,627)     (4,398)     (8,204)
Foreign losses not benefited................................    5,396       3,074          --
Other, net..................................................   (7,538)       (271)      4,359
                                                              -------    --------    --------
        Total...............................................  $(5,082)   $245,550    $207,184
                                                              =======    ========    ========
</TABLE>

    Tax savings from deductions associated with our various stock option plans
are not reflected in the current federal and state provisions. Savings were
approximately $21.6 million in fiscal 1998, $58.2 million in fiscal 1999 and
$93.5 million in fiscal 2000. These amounts were credited to stockholders'
equity.

    Significant deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              JULY 31,     JULY 31,
                                                                1999         2000
                                                              ---------    --------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Accruals and reserves not currently deductible............  $ 50,229     $ 54,483
  Deferred foreign taxes....................................     9,976        6,294
  State income taxes........................................    15,296       32,567
  Merger charges............................................    47,078       86,760
  Fixed asset adjustments...................................    11,788       18,364
  Other, net................................................     6,748        1,705
                                                              --------     --------
        Total deferred tax assets...........................   141,115      200,173
                                                              --------     --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Deferred gain on discontinued operations..................    51,421        5,753
  Unrealized gain on marketable securities..................    85,273       48,181
                                                              --------     --------
        Total deferred tax liabilities......................   136,694       53,934
                                                              --------     --------
Total net deferred tax assets...............................     4,421      146,239
Valuation reserve due to foreign losses.....................   (11,615)     (11,411)
                                                              --------     --------
Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities), net of
  valuation reserve.........................................  $ (7,194)    $134,828
                                                              ========     ========
</TABLE>

    We have provided a valuation reserve related to the benefit of losses in our
foreign subsidiaries that we believe are unlikely to be realized.

14. SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION

    One distributor accounted for 15% of net revenue in fiscal 1998, 16% of net
revenue in fiscal 1999 and 10% of net revenue in fiscal 2000.

                                       69
<PAGE>   70
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

15. LOAN FEES AND GAINS AND LOSSES ON THE SALE OF MORTGAGES

    Loans fees and gains and losses on the sale of mortgages for the years ended
July 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 were comprised of the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1998       1999       2000
                                                              -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Gain on loan sales..........................................  $69,390    $66,219    $30,391
Net loan origination fees...................................   15,826     14,267     11,276
Provision for premium recapture.............................     (815)      (190)        (9)
                                                              -------    -------    -------
                                                              $84,401    $80,296    $41,658
                                                              =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

16. REORGANIZATION

    Prior to Intuit's acquisition of Rock in December 1999, Rock had evaluated
the performance of certain retail mortgage branches and made a decision in
December 1998, to close nine branches that had been generating operating losses
and negative cash flow. Reorganization costs incurred in connection with the
branch closings were $2 million in fiscal 1998 and 1999 and $3.5 million in
fiscal 2000, and primarily consisted of fixed asset write-offs, ongoing lease
commitments, and severance pay for terminated employees. See Note 1 for more
information about our basis of presentation.

17. LITIGATION

    On March 3, 2000 a class action lawsuit, Bruce v. Intuit Inc., was filed in
the United States District Court, Central District of California, Eastern
Division. Two virtually identical lawsuits were later filed: Rubin v. Intuit
Inc., was filed on March 8, 2000 in the United States District Court, Southern
District of New York and Newby v. Intuit Inc. was filed on April 27, 2000, in
the United States District Court, Central District of California, Eastern
Division. A similar lawsuit, Almanza v. Intuit Inc. was filed on March 22, 2000
in the Superior Court of State of California, San Bernadino County, Rancho
Cucamonga Division. The Bruce and Newby lawsuits were then consolidated into one
lawsuit, In re Intuit Privacy Litigation, filed on July 28, 2000 in the United
States District Court of California, Eastern Division. These purported class
actions allege violations of various federal and California statutes and common
law claims for invasion of privacy based upon the alleged intentional disclosure
to third parties of personal and private customer information entered at
Intuit's Quicken.com website. The complaints seek injunctive relief, orders to
disgorge profits related to the alleged acts, and statutory and other damages.
Intuit believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend the
litigation vigorously.

    In addition, on April 19, 2000, Bosch v. Intuit Inc. was filed in the
Superior Court, State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District.
This lawsuit alleges violations of California statutes for alleged false and
deceptive advertising and unlawful business practices related to QuickBooks
products and purchasing the Basic Payroll Service. In September 2000, the
plaintiff voluntarily dismissed this lawsuit.

    Intuit is subject to other legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and
threatened litigation, that arise in the normal course of our business. We
currently believe that the ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any pending
claims of any type (either alone or combined) will not materially affect our
financial position, results of operations or liquidity. However, the ultimate
outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either unfavorable or favorable
outcomes could have a material negative impact. Regardless of outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on Intuit because of defense costs,
diversion of management resources and other factors.

                                       70
<PAGE>   71
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    At July 31, 2000, we held approximately 4% of Checkfree's outstanding common
stock. In exchange for providing connectivity between Checkfree's bill payment
processing service and our Quicken products, we reported revenues of $14.1
million, $6.1 million, and $7.1 million from Checkfree for the years ended July
31, 1998, 1999, and 2000, respectively.

    As of July 31, 2000, we held a 49% non-voting equity interest in Venture
Finance Software Corp. ("VFSC"). We entered into agreements with VFSC to provide
them with services related to on-going development of Web-oriented finance
products. We received cost reimbursements of approximately $17.1 million and
$23.8 million in fiscal 1999 and 2000 respectively, for development and
administrative services provided in connection with this agreement. At July 31,
2000, we held a receivable due from VFSC of $7.2 million. In August 2000, we
acquired all of the outstanding securities of VFSC. See Note 20 of the financial
statements.

19. SELECTED QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

    We accounted for the acquisitions of Rock and Title Source as a pooling of
interests for accounting purposes and have restated all previously reported
amounts to reflect the effect of the pooling.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            FISCAL 1999 QUARTER ENDED
                                                              ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     OCTOBER 31,                  JANUARY 31,
                                                              -------------------------    -------------------------
                                                                          AS PREVIOUSLY                AS PREVIOUSLY
                                                              RESTATED      REPORTED       RESTATED      REPORTED
                                                              --------    -------------    --------    -------------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>              <C>         <C>
Net revenue.................................................  $136,881      $111,968       $373,733      $345,951
Cost of goods sold..........................................    40,801        37,019         72,131        67,712
All other costs and expenses................................   157,886       143,020        191,287       172,592
Net income (loss)...........................................   (44,895)      (49,190)        93,125        89,857
Basic net income (loss) per share...........................     (0.24)        (0.28)          0.49          0.50
Diluted net income (loss) per share.........................     (0.24)        (0.28)          0.47          0.47
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            FISCAL 1999 QUARTER ENDED
                                                              ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      APRIL 30,                   JULY 31,(1)
                                                              -------------------------    -------------------------
                                                                          AS PREVIOUSLY                AS PREVIOUSLY
                                                              RESTATED      REPORTED       RESTATED      REPORTED
                                                              --------    -------------    --------    -------------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>              <C>         <C>
Net revenue.................................................  $261,492      $239,701       $168,329      $149,948
Cost of goods sold..........................................    55,687        51,955         56,619        52,457
All other costs and expenses................................   155,767       142,077        175,692       160,850
Net income (loss)...........................................    75,351        72,555        262,983       263,327
Basic net income (loss) per share...........................      0.39          0.39           1.34          1.41
Diluted net income (loss) per share.........................      0.37          0.37           1.29          1.35
</TABLE>

                                       71
<PAGE>   72
                                  INTUIT INC.

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        FISCAL 2000 QUARTER ENDED
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          OCTOBER 31,           JANUARY 31,    APRIL 30,    JULY 31,(2)
                                                   -------------------------    -----------    ---------    -----------
                                                               AS PREVIOUSLY
                                                   RESTATED      REPORTED
                                                   --------    -------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                <C>         <C>              <C>            <C>          <C>
Net revenue......................................  $176,928      $163,058        $425,499      $329,139      $162,259
Cost of goods sold...............................    58,871        57,099          95,555        77,647        59,109
All other costs and expenses.....................   209,314       190,630         247,348       190,979       171,866
Net income (loss)................................   (65,861)      (61,729)         57,292       297,085        17,145
Basic net income (loss) per share................     (0.33)        (0.33)           0.29          1.47          0.08
Diluted net income (loss) per share..............     (0.33)        (0.33)           0.27          1.39          0.08
</TABLE>

- ---------------
(1) Includes a realized pre-tax gain of $422.1 million from the sale of Excite
    shares, a realized pre-tax gain of $125.3 million from the conversion of
    Excite common shares to common shares of Excite@Home, and a realized pre-tax
    valuation loss of $36.7 million at July 31, 1999.

(2) Includes a realized pre-tax gain of $505.1 million and $15.4 million from
    the sales of Checkfree shares and Homestore.com shares, respectively, at
    July 31, 2000.

20. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (UNAUDITED)

    On August 30, 2000, we purchased all of the outstanding securities of VFSC
that were not already held by Intuit for approximately $119 million in cash
(including approximately $4.5 million in option exercise and tax payments in
connection with VFSC options exercised immediately prior to the purchase). The
acquisition will be treated as a purchase for accounting purposes and will be
recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2001. We expect approximately $111
million of the purchase price will be allocated to intangible assets, which will
result in amortization expenses over future periods.

    We participated in the formation of VFSC in May 1998 in order to facilitate
the development of certain Web-oriented finance products. Intuit acquired a 49%
non-voting equity interest and an option (the "Option") to purchase all of the
other outstanding securities of VFSC. In exchange for this equity interest,
Intuit granted VFSC a license of certain technology and intellectual property
rights and agreed with VFSC not to compete in certain areas of server-based
personal finance for a period of ten years. Intuit purchased the shares of VFSC
pursuant to the exercise of the Option. From May 1998 through August 2000, VFSC
received approximately $54.5 million in funding from several other investors.
See Note 18 for more information regarding VFSC.

    Eric Dunn, who was Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of
Intuit through July 31, 2000, as well as VFSC's President and a director of
VFSC, was an option holder of VFSC. He exercised his options immediately prior
to the closing of Intuit's acquisition of VFSC. He received $5.7 million from
Intuit for his VFSC shares, net of the aggregate exercise price for his option
($1.4 million) and withholding taxes ($3.1 million).

    Other shareholders of VFSC included venture capital funds managed by Kleiner
Perkins Caufield & Byers, of which L. John Doerr, a director of Intuit, is a
general partner. These funds received approximately $2.4 million from Intuit for
their VFSC shares. The aggregate original purchase price for the shares held by
the Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers funds was $1.2 million.

                                       72
<PAGE>   73

                                                                     SCHEDULE II

                                  INTUIT INC.

                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               BALANCE AT     ADDITIONS                   BALANCE AT
                                                              BEGINNING OF    CHARGED TO                    END OF
                       CLASSIFICATION                            PERIOD        EXPENSE      WRITE-OFFS      PERIOD
                       --------------                         ------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>
Year ended July 31, 1998
  Allowance for doubtful accounts...........................    $ 4,769        $ 3,948       $ (2,747)     $ 5,970
  Reserve for returns and exchanges.........................    $36,310        $80,602       $(56,569)     $60,343
Year ended July 31, 1999
  Allowance for doubtful accounts...........................    $ 5,970        $ 7,503       $ (1,053)     $12,420
  Reserve for returns and exchanges.........................    $60,343        $89,093       $(75,481)     $73,955
Year ended July 31, 2000
  Allowance for doubtful accounts...........................    $12,420        $ 4,884       $ (8,286)     $ 9,018
  Reserve for returns and exchanges.........................    $73,955        $48,077       $(61,053)     $60,979
</TABLE>

                                       73
<PAGE>   74

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    The information about directors that is required by this Item is
incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our December 2000 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders. Information about executive officers that is required
by this Item can be found in Item 4A.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    This information is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our
December 2000 Annual Meeting.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    This information is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our
December 2000 Annual Meeting.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    This information is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our
December 2000 Annual Meeting.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:

    1. Financial Statements -- See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Part II, Item 8.

    2. Financial Statement Schedules -- See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part II, Item 8.

    3. Exhibits

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT
    NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
  ----------                           -----------
  <S>          <C>
   2.01(1)     Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as
               of September 15, 1996 between Intuit and Checkfree
               Corporation
   2.02(2)     Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Lacerte Software
               Corporation, Lacerte Educational Services Corporation,
               Intuit Inc. and IL Acquisition Corporation, dated May 18,
               1998
   2.03(3)     Exchange Agreement dated as of March 2, 1999 by and among
               Intuit Inc., Computing Resources, Inc., Ranson W. Webster
               and Harry D. Hart and Amendment No. 1 thereto dated April
               30, 1999
   2.04(15)    Agreement and Plan of Merger among Intuit, Merger Sub 1,
               Inc., Merger Sub 2, Inc., Rock Financial Corporation and
               Title Source, Inc., dated October 6, 1999 (schedules and
               similar attachments will be furnished to the Commission upon
               request)
   2.05(25)    Stock Sale and Purchase Agreement dated August 30, 2000 by
               and among Intuit, Venture Finance Software Corp. and certain
               security holders of Venture Finance Software Corp.
   3.01(24)    Restated Intuit Certificate of Incorporation dated as of
               January 19, 2000
   3.02(18)    Second Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated October
               15, 1999
   3.03(7)     Bylaws of Intuit, as amended and restated effective April
               29, 1998
   4.01*       Form of Specimen Certificate for Intuit's Common Stock
   4.02(6)     Form of Right Certificate for Series B Junior Participating
               Preferred Stock (included in Exhibit 3.02)
  10.01(4)+    Intuit 1988 Stock Option Plan and related documents
</TABLE>

                                       74
<PAGE>   75

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT
    NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
  ----------                           -----------
  <S>          <C>
  10.02(8)+    1992 Stock Option Plan of ChipSoft and related documents
  10.03(18)+   Rock Financial Corporation Amended and Restated 1996 Stock
               Option Plan and related documents
  10.04(21)+   Boston Light Software Corp. 1999 Amended and Restated Stock
               Option/Stock Issuance Plan and related documents
  10.05(22)+   The Hutchinson Avenue Software Corporation Stock Option Plan
               and related documents
  10.06(19)+   Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan and related
               documents, as amended through November 30, 1999
  10.07(23)+   Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended
               through January 19, 2000
  10.08(20)+   Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan, and related
               documents, as amended through November 30, 1999
  10.09(4)+    Intuit's form of Non-Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option
               Agreement
  10.10(9)+    Intuit Inc. 1998 Option Plan for Mergers and Acquisitions,
               as amended through April 28, 1999 and related documents
  10.11(16)+   Intuit Inc. Form of Amendment to All Stock Options
               Outstanding at February 19, 1999
  10.12(5)+    Letter Agreement of Employment dated March 30, 1994 between
               Intuit and William V. Campbell
  10.13(23)+   Employment Agreement dated January 21, 2000 between Intuit
               and Stephen M. Bennett
  10.14(23)+   Restricted Stock Purchase Agreements, dated January 24, 2000
               between Intuit and Stephen M. Bennett
  10.15(23)+   Confidential Agreement and General Release of Claims between
               Intuit Inc. and William H. Harris, Jr., dated September 23,
               1999
  10.16(24)+   Separation Agreement between Intuit and Mark Goines dated
               March 9, 2000
  10.17(24)+   Separation Agreement between Intuit and James Heeger dated
               May 2, 2000
  10.18(4)     Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by Intuit
               with each of its directors and certain executive officers
  10.19*       Supply Agreement effective as of January 1, 2000 by and
               between Intuit Inc. and John H. Harland Company
  10.20(11)    Stock Purchase and Option Agreement by and between Security
               First Technologies Corporation and Intuit Inc., dated as of
               May 16, 1999
  10.21(16)    Master Agreement between Intuit Inc. and Modus Media
               International, Inc., dated as of August 31, 1999
  10.22(12)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2700 Coast Drive, Mountain
               View, California to commence on January 1, 1999
  10.23(12)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2750 Coast Drive, Mountain
               View, California to commence on January 1, 1998
  10.24(12)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2475 Garcia Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.25(12)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2525 Garcia Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.26(12)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2535 Garcia Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.27(13)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2500 Garcia Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.28(13)    Lease Agreement dated as of November 30, 1994 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2550 Garcia Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.29(6)     Lease Agreement dated as of January 7, 1998 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2650 Casey Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.30*       Lease Agreement dated as of April 30, 1999 between Intuit
               and Charleston Properties for 2675 Coast Drive, Mountain
               View, California
  10.31*       Lease Agreement dated as of March 29, 1999 between Intuit
               and various parties as Landlord for 2632 Marine Way,
               Mountain View, California
  10.32(24)    Lease Agreement dated January 31, 2000 between Intuit and
               Broderick Way Partners, LLC for 2700 Broderick Way, Mountain
               View, California
  10.33(14)    Build-to-Suit Lease Agreement dated as of June 9, 1995 as
               amended April 14, 1998 between Intuit and Kilroy Realty
               Corporation, successor to UTC Greenwich Partners, a
               California limited partnership for 6200 and 6220 Greenwich,
               San Diego, California
  10.34*       Lease Agreement dated as of July 2, 1997 between Intuit and
               Spieker Properties, L.P. for 6060 Nancy Ridge Road, San
               Diego, California
</TABLE>

                                       75
<PAGE>   76

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EXHIBIT
    NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
  ----------                           -----------
  <S>          <C>
  10.35(24)    Consent to Sublease Agreement dated March 31, 2000 among
               Intuit Inc. as subtenant, Spieker Properties, L.P. and
               Franklin Templeton Corporate Services, Inc. for Eastgate
               Mall, San Diego, California
  10.36(6)     Offer to Purchase Real Estate Agreement dated as of October
               14, 1997, as amended on December 5, 1997, between Intuit
               Inc. and General American Life Insurance Company, for
               property located at 110 Juliad Court, Fredericksburg,
               Virginia (purchase and sale agreement)
  10.37(6)     Build-to-Suit Lease Agreement dated as of April 8, 1998,
               between Intuit and TACC Investors, LLC for property located
               at 2800 East Commerce Center Place, Tucson, Arizona
  10.38(16)    Deed of Lease dated as of July 27, 1999 between Intuit and
               Waterfront I Corporation for 44 Canal Center Plaza,
               Alexandria, Virginia
  10.39(16)    Lease Agreement dated as of June 1, 1993 between Intuit as
               successor in interest to Computing Resources, Inc. who is
               successor in interest to Pioneer Bank and Dermody Properties
               for 5400 Equity Avenue, Reno, Nevada
  10.40(16)    Lease Agreement dated as of January 1, 1994 between Intuit
               as successor in interest to Computing Resources, Inc. and
               1285 Financial Boulevard, Inc. for 1285 Financial Boulevard,
               Reno, Nevada
  10.41*       Lease Agreement dated as of February 28, 1999 between
               Intuit's CRI subsidiary and 1225 Financial Boulevard, Inc.
               for 1225 Financial Boulevard, Reno, Nevada
  10.42(16)    Lease Agreement dated as of January 1, 1996 between Intuit
               as successor in interest to Computing Resources, Inc. and
               565 Rio Vista Drive, Inc. for 565 Rio Vista Drive, Fallon,
               Nevada
  10.43(16)    Sublease Agreement and Amendments between Lacerte Software
               Corporation and Oryx Energy Company for 13155 Noel Road,
               Suite 2200, Dallas, Texas
  10.44(24)    Office Lease Agreement dated February 22, 2000 between
               Lacerte Software Corporation and KCD-TX 1 Investment Limited
               Partnership for office space in Plano, Texas
  10.45(17)+   Non-Competition Agreement by and among Intuit, Rock
               Financial Corporation and Daniel Gilbert, dated October 6,
               1999
  21.01*       List of Intuit's Subsidiaries
  23.01*       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors
  23.02*       Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Auditors
  24.01*       Power of Attorney (see signature page)
  27.01*       Financial Data Schedule (filed only in electronic format)
</TABLE>

- ---------------

 +  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

 *  Filed with this Form 10-K

 (1) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31,
     1997, filed with the Commission on March 14, 1997 and incorporated by
     reference

 (2) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 8-K, Amendment No. 1, filed with the
     Commission on May 19, 1998 and incorporated by reference

 (3) Filed as an Exhibit to Intuit's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May
     7, 1999 and incorporated by reference

 (4) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed
     with the Commission on February 3, 1993, as amended (File No. 33-57884) and
     incorporated by reference.

 (5) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-K as originally filed with the
     Commission on October 31, 1994, as amended, and incorporated by reference

 (6) Filed as an Exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July
     31, 1998, filed with the Commission on October 6, 1998 and incorporated by
     reference

 (7) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May
     2, 1998 and incorporated by reference

 (8) Filed as an exhibit to the ChipSoft Form S-1 registration statement filed
     with the Commission on February 24, 1993 (file No. 33-57692) and
     incorporated by reference

 (9) Filed as an Exhibit to Intuit's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed
     with the Commission on May 7, 1999 and incorporated by reference

(10) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31,
     1995, filed with the Commission on December 14, 1995 and incorporated by
     reference

(11) Filed as an Exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30,
     1999 and incorporated by reference

(12) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31,
     1995, filed with the Commission on March 17, 1995 and incorporated by
     reference

                                       76
<PAGE>   77

(13) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July
     31, 1997, filed with the Commission on October 15, 1997 and incorporated by
     reference

(14) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July
     31, 1995, filed with the Commission on October 30, 1995 and incorporated by
     reference

(15) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-4 registration statement (file no.
     333-90393), filed with the Commission on November 5, 1999 and incorporated
     by reference

(16) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July
     31, 1999, filed with the Commission on October 12, 1999 and as amended
     October 27, 1999

(17) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31,
     1999 , filed with the Commission on December 14, 1999

(18) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-8 registration statement (file no.
     333-92503), filed with the Commission on December 10, 1999 and incorporated
     by reference

(19) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-8 registration statement ( file no.
     333-92517), filed with the Commission on December 10, 1999 and incorporated
     by reference

(20) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-8 registration statement (file no.
     333-92515), filed with the Commission on December 10, 1999 and incorporated
     by reference

(21) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-8 registration statement (file no.
     333-84385), filed with the Commission on August 2, 1999 and incorporated by
     reference

(22) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form S-8 registration statement (file no.
     333-85349), filed with the Commission on August 17, 1999 and incorporated
     by reference

(23) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31,
     2000, filed with the Commission on March 16, 2000 and incorporated by
     reference

(24) Filed as an exhibit to Intuit's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30,
     2000, filed with the Commission on June 14, 2000

(25) Filed as an Exhibit to Intuit's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on
     September 13, 2000 and incorporated by reference.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K

    1. On November 24, 1999, Intuit filed a report on Form 8-K to report under
       Item 5 its financial results for the quarter ended October 31, 1999.
       Intuit's balance sheet and statement of operations as of and for the
       three months ended October 31, 1999 were included in the 8-K.

    2. On January 25, 2000, Intuit filed a report on Form 8-K to report under
       Item 5 that the Board of Directors had selected Stephen M. Bennett as the
       President and Chief Executive Officer of Intuit effective as of January
       24, 2000.

    3. On September 13, 2000, Intuit filed a report on Form 8-K to report under
       Item 5 that it had completed the acquisition of Venture Finance Software
       Corp. No financial statements were filed with the report.

(c) Exhibits

    See Item 14(a)(3) above.

(d) Financial Statement Schedules

    See Item 14(a)(2) above.

                                       77
<PAGE>   78

                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                         INTUIT INC.

Dated: October 13, 2000
                                         By:       /s/ GREG J. SANTORA
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Greg J. Santora
                                             Senior Vice President and Chief
                                                      Financial Officer
                                           (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                                          Officer)

                                       78
<PAGE>   79

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    By signing this Form 10-K below, I hereby appoint each of Stephen M. Bennett
and Greg J. Santora, as my attorney-in-fact to sign all amendments to this Form
10-K on my behalf, and to file this Form 10-K (including all exhibits and other
documents related to the Form 10-K) with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
I authorize each of my attorneys-in-fact to (1) appoint a substitute
attorney-in-fact for himself and (2) perform any actions that he believes are
necessary or appropriate to carry out the intention and purpose of this Power of
Attorney. I ratify and confirm all lawful actions taken directly or indirectly
by my attorneys-in-fact and by any properly appointed substitute
attorneys-in-fact.

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        NAME                                            TITLE                         DATE
                        ----                                            -----                         ----
<C>                                                    <C>                                      <S>
            PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER:

               /s/ STEPHEN M. BENNETT                    President, Chief Executive Officer     October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------               and Director
                 Stephen M. Bennett

           PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND
            PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER:

                 /s/ GREG J. SANTORA                          Senior Vice President and         October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------          Chief Financial Officer
                   Greg J. Santora

                ADDITIONAL DIRECTORS:

              /s/ CHRISTOPHER W. BRODY                                Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                Christopher W. Brody

               /s/ WILLIAM V. CAMPBELL                          Chairman of the Board           October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------               of Directors
                 William V. Campbell

                  /s/ SCOTT D. COOK                                   Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                    Scott D. Cook

                                                                      Director                  October   , 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                    L. John Doerr

                /s/ DONNA L. DUBINSKY                                 Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                  Donna L. Dubinsky

               /s/ MICHAEL R. HALLMAN                                 Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                 Michael R. Hallman

             /s/ WILLIAM H. HARRIS, JR.                               Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
               William H. Harris, Jr.

               /s/ BURTON J. MCMURTRY                                 Director                  October 13, 2000
- -----------------------------------------------------
                 Burton J. McMurtry
</TABLE>

                                       79
<PAGE>   80

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                            DESCRIPTION
- -------                           -----------
<C>       <S>                                                           <C>
 4.01     Form of Specimen Certificate for Intuit's Common Stock
10.19     Supply Agreement effective as of January 1, 2000 by and
          between Intuit Inc. and John H. Harland
          Company
10.30     Lease Agreement dated as of April 30, 1999 between Intuit
          and Charleston Properties for 2675 Coast Drive, Mountain
          View, California
10.31     Lease Agreement dated as of March 29, 1999 between Intuit
          and various parties as Landlord for 2632 Marine Way,
          Mountain View, California
10.34     Lease Agreement dated as of July 2, 1997 between Intuit and
          Spieker Properties, L.P. for 6060 Nancy Ridge Road, San
          Diego, California
10.41     Lease Agreement dated as of February 28, 1999 between
          Intuit's CRI subsidiary and 1225 Financial Boulevard, Inc.
          for 1225 Financial Boulevard, Reno, Nevada
21.01     List of Intuit's Subsidiaries
23.01     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors
23.02     Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Auditors
24.01     Power of Attorney (see signature page)
27.01     Financial Data Schedule (filed only in electronic format)
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>f64477ex4-01.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.01
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 4.01


                                 [INTUIT LOGO]


      NUMBER                                                     SHARES

   INTU


              INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE


THIS CERTIFIES THAT                                   CUSIP 461202 10 3

                                                   SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN
                                                   DEFINITIONS AND LEGENDS


Is the owner of

            FULLY PAID AND NONASSESSABLE SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK,
                         PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE, OF

                                  INTUIT INC.


transferable on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof in person or
by duly authorized attorney on surrender of this certificate properly endorsed.
This certificate is not valid until countersigned and registered by the
Transfer Agent and Registrar.

      WITNESS the facsimile seal of the Corporation and the facsimile
signatures of its duly authorized officers.

Dated:

                          COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

                          TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

                                       BY

                              AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE



/s/ STEPHEN M. BENNETT        [INTUIT INC. SEAL]         /s/ CATHERINE VALENTINE

    PRESIDENT AND                INCORPORATED           VICE PRESIDENT, GENERAL
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER                                 COUNSEL AND SECRETARY
                                  FEBRUARY 1,
                                     1993

                                   DELAWARE
<PAGE>   2
     The Corporation is authorized to issue Common Stock and Preferred Stock.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation has authority to determine the
authorized number of shares of each series of Preferred Stock and to determine
or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and to increase or
decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding)
the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that
series.

     A statement of the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
granted to or imposed upon the respective classes or series of shares and the
number of shares constituting each class and series, and the designations
thereof, may be obtained by the holder hereof upon request and without charge
from the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the
Corporation.

     This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain
rights (the "Rights") as set forth in a Rights Agreement between Intuit Inc.
and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of May 1, 1998, as such
may subsequently be amended (the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are
hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the
principal executive offices of Intuit Inc. Under certain circumstances, as set
forth in the Rights Agreement, such rights will be evidenced by separate
certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. Intuit Inc.
will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement
without charge after receipt of a written request therefor. As described in
Section 11(a)(ii) of the Rights Agreement, Rights beneficially owned by any
person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and
certain other persons shall become null and void.

     The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of
this Certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations:

     TEN COM - as tenants in common
     TEN ENT - as tenants by the entireties
     JT TEN  - as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants
               in common

     UNIF GIFT MIN ACT -            Custodian
                         -----------          ------------
                           (Cust)               (Minor)

                         under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

                         --------------------------
                                   (State)

    Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

For value received,                     hereby sell, assign and transfer unto
                   --------------------

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER
    IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE


- --------------------------------------


- --------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Shares
of the Common Stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby
irrevocably constitute and appoint

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Attorney
to transfer the said stock on the books of the within-named Corporation with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated
     --------------

                              --------------------------------------------------
                              NOTICE: THE SIGNATURE TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST
                              CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE
                              OF THE CERTIFICATE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT
                              ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER.

SIGNATURE(S) GUARANTEED:


- ---------------------------------------------------
THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS,
SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS
WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f64477ex10-19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.19
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19


                                SUPPLY AGREEMENT

This Supply Agreement (hereafter, this "AGREEMENT") is made and entered into as
of January 1, 2000 (the "EFFECTIVE DATE") by and between INTUIT INC., a Delaware
corporation (hereafter, "INTUIT") and the JOHN H. HARLAND COMPANY, a Georgia
corporation (hereafter, "HARLAND").

                                    RECITALS

A.   Intuit develops and markets financial and other software products, and also
     markets custom printed forms (such as checks and invoices) and other
     related supplies to its customers for use in conjunction with certain
     Intuit software products. Harland is a printer and supplier of checks,
     invoices and other forms that it distributes primarily through third
     parties, such as software companies, retail establishments, and financial
     institutions. From time to time, Harland distributes its products directly
     to end customers. Harland has supplied checks and invoices to Intuit since
     1989.

B.   Intuit and Harland entered into a Supply Agreement as of August 23, 1995
     (the "PRIOR AGREEMENT").

C.   Intuit and Harland now wish to enter into this Agreement, which will
     replace and supersede the Prior Agreement, pursuant to which Harland will
     perform its obligations under this Agreement so as to maintain the high
     level of service to Intuit that Harland has historically provided to
     Intuit. In addition, the parties recognize that as the market for
     software-compatible forms becomes increasingly competitive, service,
     quality and price will be increasingly important competitive factors in the
     success of the Intuit/Harland business relationship. Accordingly, this
     Agreement is intended to reflect Intuit's business need for continuous
     improvement in quality, turnaround time, customer service and price.


NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:


GENERAL TERMS

1.   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, certain terms will have the
     meanings defined for such terms in Appendix 1 hereto.

2.   TERM. The "TERM" of this Agreement means the time period beginning on the
     Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) August 31, 2005, or (ii)
     the date this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the provisions of
     Section 45 hereof, provided however, that if this Agreement is renewed in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 43 (OPTION TO RENEW), then the
     "Term" shall include any term for which this Agreement is renewed pursuant
     to Section 43 hereof.

3.   RESPONSIBILITY OF HARLAND.

<PAGE>   2

     (a)  Responsibilities of Harland. Harland acknowledges and agrees with
          Intuit that Harland is and shall remain fully liable and responsible
          for: (i) the performance of all Harland's obligations under this
          Agreement, whether such obligations are performed by Harland and/or
          any other person or entity who acts as Harland's agent or otherwise
          acts for, under the direction of, or on behalf of Harland, and (ii)
          any acts or omissions of Harland and/or any other person or entity who
          acts as Harland's agent or otherwise acts for, under the direction of,
          or on behalf of Harland.

     (b)  Employment of Harland Personnel. Harland will employ Martin Kerner and
          cause him to be the Harland manager primarily responsible for
          producing Intuit's work and managing the performance of Harland's
          duties and obligations to Intuit under this Agreement as long as he is
          employed by Harland.

     (c)  Dedicated Harland Personnel . Beginning no later than August 1, 2000,
          and continuing throughout the term of this Agreement, Harland will
          maintain a staff of employees dedicated to the Intuit FSG account.
          This staff will include, but not be limited to, dedicated resources
          for:

               (i)   systems analysis and programming (at least two FTEs);

               (ii)  account management (at least one FTE);

               (iii) Bank File maintenance (at least 1/2 FTE); and

               (iv)  marketing (product development and compliance);

          who are reasonably acceptable to Intuit.

     (d)  Succession of Management. During the term of this Agreement, Harland
          shall consult with Intuit regarding and allow Intuit to review any
          material changes in the responsibility for producing Intuit's work and
          managing the performance of Harland's duties and obligations to Intuit
          under this Agreement.

4.   EXCLUSIVITY AND NEGOTIATION RIGHTS.

     (a)  Exclusive Intuit Products. As a material inducement to Harland to
          enter into this Agreement and subject to subsection (b) below, Intuit
          agrees that during the Term Harland shall be Intuit FSG's (as defined
          in Appendix 1) exclusive supplier of the Exclusive Intuit Products (as
          defined in Appendix 1) that are sold and delivered to Customers
          located within the geographical boundaries of the United States of
          America and its territories, provided that Harland is not in default
          under this Agreement. Harland shall not be Intuit's exclusive supplier
          of any other Intuit Products (as defined in Appendix 1) except as may
          be subsequently agreed upon between Intuit and Harland in writing.
          Nothing herein will prevent Intuit from purchasing (or ordering)
          printed checks, invoices, other forms, or other products


                                       2
<PAGE>   3

          from any other party for distribution to Customers located outside the
          geographic boundaries of the United States of America and its
          territories.

     (b)  Sales to Franchises. To the extent that Intuit FSG wishes to have a
          supplier provide it with Exclusive Intuit Products for sale to
          franchises, Intuit FSG will at its option either: (i) prior to
          negotiating with any third party suppliers, negotiate in good faith
          with Harland regarding Harland supplying such Exclusive Intuit
          Products for such purpose; or (ii) first simultaneously negotiate in
          good faith with Harland and with one or more other suppliers regarding
          either Harland supplying such Exclusive Intuit Products for such
          purpose, or one or more of such other suppliers supplying such
          Exclusive Intuit Products for such purpose.

     (c)  Other Products. To the extent that, at any time during the term of
          this Agreement, Intuit FSG wishes to have a supplier provide it with
          products, other than the Exclusive Products, that Harland at such time
          is also offering for sale to Customers, Intuit FSG will at its option
          either: (i) prior to negotiating with any third party suppliers,
          negotiate in good faith with Harland regarding Harland supplying such
          products to Intuit; or (ii) first simultaneously negotiate in good
          faith with Harland and with one or more other suppliers regarding
          either Harland supplying such products to Intuit, or one or more of
          such other suppliers supplying such products to Intuit.

5.   CONFIDENTIALITY OF TERMS OF AGREEMENT AND PURCHASE INFORMATION. The terms
     of this Agreement, including without limitation prices and Order volumes,
     is confidential and may not be released by either party to anyone (other
     than employees, counsel or others having a bona fide need to know who have
     signed confidentiality agreements with the party in question) without the
     prior written consent of the other party; except that, to the extent that a
     party to this Agreement is legally required to disclose terms of this
     Agreement under applicable law, rule, regulation or order of any court or
     governmental authority (including but not limited to disclosure made to
     comply with applicable state and federal securities laws and securities
     reporting requirements, disclosure required by Court order or otherwise
     legally required), such party may disclose such terms and information that
     are, in the good faith opinion of its legal counsel, legally required to be
     disclosed without obtaining the other party's prior written consent to such
     disclosure. If such disclosure is legally required, the disclosing party
     shall use reasonable efforts to restrict such disclosure to the extent
     reasonably practicable, given the circumstances. The provisions of this
     Section shall bind Harland and each of its present and future affiliates.

6.   CONFIDENTIALITY OF SUPPLY. Harland, on behalf of itself and its present and
     future affiliates covenants with Intuit that it will not disclose to any
     Intuit Customers the source of supply of Products that Harland produces and
     ships for Intuit. Specifically, no reference to Harland, any affiliate of
     Harland, or any party other than Intuit may appear on any of the Intuit
     Products or on any shipping container, shipping label, reorder form or


                                       3
<PAGE>   4

     any other material the Customer may receive or perceive in connection with
     delivery of his/her order.

7.   OWNERSHIP AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF INTUIT CUSTOMER INFORMATION.

     (a)  Harland, on behalf of itself and its present and future affiliates
          recognizes that all information about Intuit's Customers, including
          but not limited to names of such Customers, names of contact persons
          at such Customers, addresses, telephone numbers, Bank names, Bank
          accounts, Customer Logos (as defined in Section 30(a)) and Intuit
          product ownership and order history is Intuit's sole and exclusive
          property and constitutes a valuable proprietary trade secret of
          Intuit. Harland, on behalf of itself and its present and future
          affiliates covenants and agrees to protect such information from
          disclosure to third parties and covenants not to use such information
          for any purpose other than for the printing and shipping of the Orders
          placed by Intuit under this Agreement as specified by Intuit in
          writing.

     (b)  Harland will fully comply with Intuit's confidentiality and privacy
          policies as specified by Intuit from time to time.

8.   OWNERSHIP AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF BANK FILE AND INTUIT SYSTEMS AND
     PROCESSES.

     (a)  Harland, on behalf of itself and its present and future affiliates,
          acknowledges and agrees that:

          (i)  the information and data contained in the Bank File (as defined
               in Appendix 1) related to the formatting of customer and Bank
               information to prepare an order for printing; and

          (ii) the information and data added to the Bank File during the term
               of this Agreement;

          are Intuit's confidential property and constitute a proprietary trade
          secret of Intuit (collectively "BANK FILE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION").
          Harland covenants and agrees to hold all such Bank File Confidential
          Information in strict confidence and not to use such Bank File
          Confidential Information for any purpose other than as permitted by
          this Agreement. Exhibit C contains Harland's prior agreement to the
          foregoing, and Harland hereby assigns, transfers, and conveys to
          Intuit any and all of Harland's worldwide right, title, and interest
          in and to the Bank File Confidential Information, in any medium, and
          all copies thereof in whole or in part.

     (b)  Harland, on behalf of itself and its present and future affiliates,
          acknowledges and agrees that Intuit's systems and processes
          (including, but not limited to, COSMOS) to which Harland has access in
          connection with the performance of its


                                       4
<PAGE>   5

          obligations under this Agreement are Intuit's confidential property
          and constitute a proprietary trade secret of Intuit ("INTUIT
          CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION"). Harland covenants and agrees to hold all
          such Intuit Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to
          use such Intuit Confidential Information for any purpose other than as
          permitted by this Agreement.

9.   OWNERSHIP AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF HARLAND SYSTEMS AND PROCESSES. Intuit, on
     behalf of itself and its present and future affiliates, acknowledges and
     agrees that: (i) Harland-specific knowledge of the technology employed to
     implement Direct-to-Plate savings; and (ii) specialized information and
     technology developed by Harland to produce check and related stationery
     items in an efficient and economical manner, are Harland's confidential
     property and constitute a proprietary trade secret of Harland ("HARLAND
     CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION"). Intuit covenants and agrees to hold all such
     Harland Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to use such
     Harland Confidential Information for any purpose other than as permitted by
     this Agreement.

10.  EXCLUSIONS OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The confidentiality obligations set
     forth anywhere within this Agreement do not apply to information that: (i)
     is or becomes generally known or available by publication, commercial use
     or otherwise through no fault of the receiving party; (ii) is known to the
     receiving party at the time of disclosure without violation of any
     confidentiality restriction and without any restriction on the receiving
     party's further use or disclosure; (iii) is received from a third party
     without a confidentiality obligation; or (iv) is independently developed by
     the receiving party.

11.  DIRECT ORDERS AND INQUIRIES. Neither Harland nor any of its affiliates will
     sell Intuit Products to anyone other than Intuit, unless specific advance
     written permission is given by Intuit. Harland and its affiliates will not
     accept Orders or reorders for Intuit Products from any party other than
     Intuit or any of its affiliates and will refer all inquiries for same to
     Intuit. Harland and its affiliates will continue to take orders for
     products compatible with Intuit software provided that they are not printed
     on Intuit Base Stock and do not carry any Intuit Marks (as defined in
     Section 30(b)(i)) as branding.


PRODUCTION

12.  PURCHASE ORDERS. For each Order that Intuit sends to Harland under this
     Agreement, Intuit shall provide Harland with an electronic transmission of
     the Customer information required to produce the Order or a purchase order
     in the form of a copy of the Customer's original Order. The format and
     process for exchanging the electronic Order transmission or purchase order,
     and the information each will contain, will be mutually agreed to by Intuit
     and Harland.

13.  TYPESETTING, PRODUCTION, SHIPPING. Harland will be responsible for
     typesetting the custom information for each Order, acquiring materials
     (including Intuit


                                       5
<PAGE>   6

     Base Stock), formatting and printing the information and MICR lines as
     required, and shipping the Products directly to the Customer.

14.  FORMAT AND CONTENTS OF PRINTED INFORMATION. The format and contents of the
     Customer's printed Order information shall be mutually agreed upon by
     Intuit and Harland, but it is understood that at a minimum the printed
     information will always adhere to generally accepted Bank standards
     including, but not limited to, ANSI x9.27 and x9.13 and the most recent
     ANSI or industry body imaging standard as required by the Customer's Bank
     and be reasonably readable by the Customer's Bank processing
     (reader/sorter) equipment.

15.  BANK FILE MAINTENANCE. At Intuit's option: (a) Harland agrees to maintain
     the Bank File (as defined in Appendix 1), which provides account number
     validation, transit/routing validation and MICR line formatting by Bank and
     account type of and for Intuit Customers, on behalf of Intuit; and (b) the
     Bank File shall be managed, maintained and updated by Harland on behalf of
     Intuit and a copy of the physical database shall be located on Intuit
     premises and updated routinely to insure access to Customer information,
     all in accordance with Intuit's instructions.

16.  MICR QUALITY. Harland warrants and guarantees to Intuit that the MICR line
     on all checks produced under this Agreement for Intuit Customers will
     adhere to generally accepted Bank standards, including but not limited to
     ANSI x9.27 and x9.13 and the most recent ANSI or industry body imaging
     standard. If for any reason the MICR line on the check does not meet the
     generally accepted Bank's standards, Harland will work with the Bank to
     make the necessary changes and reprint and reship the Order at Harland's
     sole cost and expense (including shipping).

17.  PACKAGE INSERTS. Harland will enclose with each Order shipped under this
     Agreement a reorder form to be supplied or expressly pre-approved by Intuit
     in writing. No other articles or material (such as promotional literature)
     may be included in the package enclosing the shipped Order to a Customer
     except as expressly pre-approved by Intuit in writing. Intuit may request
     that Harland insert articles, including but not limited to promotional
     literature, in the Customer package. Intuit shall bear the material cost of
     such inserts and the costs of transporting them to Harland. The number,
     size, or shape of the inserts may require packaging that is different from
     that ordinarily used to package the underlying order item and order item
     quantity, in which case Intuit and Harland agree to negotiate a reasonable
     and mutually agreeable resolution.

18.  TURNAROUND TIME.

     (a)  Harland shall process and ship each Order to the Customer within a
          specified standard time of receipt of such Order. Because timeliness
          of delivery to the Customer is an important competitive factor, as a
          material inducement to Intuit to enter this Agreement, Harland agrees
          to process and ship Intuit Orders received by


                                       6
<PAGE>   7

          Harland at least in accordance with the following timing/turnaround
          requirements, which are obligations of performance by Harland
          hereunder:

               The average time in plant for all Orders for Standard Products
               shipped within any quarter shall be 24 hours or less. No more
               than 5% of all Orders for Standard Products shipped within any
               quarter will be shipped in more than 48 hours. An additional 8
               hours shall be added on a per order weighted average basis for
               prepress functions (i.e., editing, data entry, order entry, etc.)
               when preformed by Harland. Any day with unusual daily Order
               volumes for Standard Products (exceeding 30% variance from the
               previous 30 day average daily volumes) will be exempt from this
               service commitment. In addition, Orders that are in any way
               delayed due to Intuit systems issues or Intuit-caused errors
               shall be exempt from the foregoing calculation.

     (b)  "ORDER RECEIVED BY HARLAND" or "RECEIPT OF THE ORDER BY HARLAND" shall
          mean: (i) the availability to Harland of the Order from Intuit's
          ordering system (including but not limited to COSMOS and its
          successors) after all prepress functions (i.e., editing, data entry,
          order entry, etc.) have been completely performed; and/or (ii) the
          availability to Harland of a complete Order (i.e. Order containing all
          required information such as product number, quantity, payment,
          imprint, etc.) from a Customer. An Order is "SHIPPED" when it is
          physically completed and ready for carrier pickup and has been
          recorded as such in Harland's production system. "TIME IN PLANT" shall
          mean the number of hours difference between the time the Order is
          shipped and the time the Order is received by Harland. "AVERAGE TIME
          IN PLANT" for a given quarter shall mean the sum of time in plant for
          all Orders shipped within the quarter divided by the total number of
          Orders shipped within the quarter.

     (c)  For any consecutive three (3) month period ending on April 30, July
          31, October 31, or January 31 during which Harland does not meet the
          turnaround requirements set forth above, Harland shall pay Intuit a
          fee of $100,000 within thirty (30) days following the close of such
          three (3) month period. Should Harland not meet the applicable
          standard for one or more consecutive quarters, a material breach of
          this Agreement by Harland shall have occurred with consequences as
          described in Section 45.

19.  STANDARD SHIPMENT METHODS. Harland will ship each completed Order to the
     Customer's address. Unless otherwise indicated on the purchase order or
     otherwise specified by Intuit (or unless otherwise expressly provided in
     this Agreement), shipping shall be via UPS ground (hereinafter "UPS
     GROUND") or comparable service where UPS ground is not available. Harland
     will have implemented a system so that 97% of Orders for Standard Products
     shipped to an address in the continental United States will be shipped by
     Harland from a location that, according to material published by UPS, is
     within three (3) business days of shipment via UPS ground of the addressee.


                                       7
<PAGE>   8

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the selection of each shipping carrier will
     be subject to Intuit's approval.

20.  ERROR CORRECTION.

     (a)  Any Orders that have errors that are not the Customer's or Intuit's
          fault ("HARLAND ERRORS") shall be corrected, reprinted and reshipped
          by Harland within twenty-four (24) hours (not including Saturday,
          Sunday, or a nationally recognized holiday) after Harland receives
          notice of the error and the correct information by phone, electronic
          mail, electronic transmission, first class, certified or registered
          U.S. mail, or facsimile notice, and the corrected Order shall be
          shipped via a ground shipping method (UPS or comparable) or express
          shipping method (UPS Red Label or comparable) if requested by the
          Customer. Harland shall bear all printing and shipping costs of
          correcting, reprinting and reshipping such corrected Order.

     (b)  In the event that the "Monthly Rerun Rate" (defined below) in any
          given calendar month exceeds one percent, Harland will pay to Intuit a
          fee equal to $50.00 multiplied by the number of reruns in the given
          month, if any, in excess of one percent multiplied by the given
          calendar month's total order volume. "MONTHLY RERUN RATE" shall mean
          the percentage of rerun items shipped in a given month that were
          caused through Harland's fault based on the total number of items
          shipped in the given month.

     (c)  If the reason for the Harland Error is a Cross-Shipment (i.e.,
          shipping an Order to the wrong customer), then Harland shall pay a fee
          of $100.00 to Intuit to reflect the added management time required and
          security measures demanded by Customers. In the case of any other
          Harland Errors, subject to Harland's reasonable agreement and approval
          on a case by case basis, Harland shall reimburse Intuit for any
          out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Intuit arising from such Harland
          Errors, including, but not limited to, commercially reasonable
          payments that Intuit makes to Customers in connection with Customer
          claims arising from such Harland Errors.

     (d)  If the error in an Order is Intuit's fault or the Customer's fault,
          then Harland shall reprint and reship the Order via express shipping
          within twenty-four (24) hours of being notified of the error and
          Intuit shall bear the cost of reprinting, reshipping and the rush
          charge (see Exhibit A) of such Order.

     (e)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the selection of each shipping carrier
          and shipping method will be subject to Intuit's approval.


                                       8
<PAGE>   9

21.  RUSH SHIPMENTS. At Intuit's request, Harland will provide "rush" service
     for an individual Standard Order. Rush Orders received by Harland (as
     defined in Section 18) by 11:00 AM Pacific time will be produced and
     shipped the same day. Rush Orders received by Harland after 11:00 AM
     Pacific time will be produced and shipped the following Business Day. If
     Harland commits to rush an Order and such Order is not completed and sent
     out as promised, then Harland shall pay for the overnight shipping of the
     Order to the Customer and an additional fee of $30.00 to cover the added
     fulfillment costs, and shall waive payment of the Customer Rush charge (see
     Exhibit A) by Intuit for that Order.

22.  SERVICE FAILURES. If, for a reason that is attributable to Harland, Harland
     is unable to ship an Order according to the then-current timeliness
     standard, then the Order will be shipped using an overnight delivery
     service approved by Intuit (such as UPS Red Label or Federal Express). In
     such event, the difference in cost between the express service and the
     service requested on the purchase Order shall be borne solely by Harland.

     In the event of a service failure resulting from a storm, natural disaster,
     labor strike, transportation strike, computer failure, or related down time
     associated from power outages, the service and timeliness standards of this
     Agreement shall be suspended during such service failure and Intuit and
     Harland agree to work together to resolve the given situation as it may
     occur.

23.  QUALITY IMPROVEMENT. Quality improvement is critical to Intuit's long-term
     success and Intuit intends to significantly reduce both Customer errors and
     internal Intuit errors. Intuit expects that Harland will reduce its
     production and shipping errors by actively deploying Total Quality
     Management philosophy, training and practices in its operations. Intuit and
     Harland agree to meet quarterly during the Term of this Agreement to review
     key operating measures and programs designed to continually improve
     performance. Any sustained (over two or more quarters) significant
     degradation of performance in key operating performance (for example,
     continually increasing Harland induced errors) can be considered a material
     breach of this Agreement by Harland with consequences as described in
     Section 45. Intuit must provide written notice of any such significant
     degradation of performance as part of the quarterly review.

     Intuit must make reasonable efforts to provide, in writing, 90 days in
     advance, notice to Harland of any new version of software or promotion
     which could significantly change the order volume of Intuit Products. In
     addition, Intuit must make reasonable efforts to provide Harland with
     non-binding annual projections for Intuit Products.

     Both parties are responsible for engaging in a planning process that will
     maximize the opportunities to meet service/quality thresholds and exceed
     customer expectations. At a minimum, Intuit and Harland agree to meet
     quarterly to review performance and establish future objectives. The
     locations and times of these meetings will be mutually agreed upon.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10

24.  CALL CENTER SUPPORT. Harland will maintain phone support for Intuit sales
     representatives. The minimum hours of support include the hours of 5:00am
     to 6:00pm (Pacific Standard Time) on Business Days. Hours are to be
     extended to later hours or weekends during peak business times of the year
     as agreed to by Harland and Intuit. Extended hours are subject to an
     additional service charge as set forth in Exhibit A. During the hours of
     support, Harland will answer calls from Intuit representatives with an
     average speed of answer of 30 seconds or less for 80% of the calls. The
     longest call waiting is not to exceed 5 minutes.

25.  ORDER CLARIFICATION. For the service charge for Order Clarification as set
     forth in Exhibit A Harland will make up to three contact attempts followed
     by one mailing to a Customer for an incomplete or unclear Order (e.g.,
     Order missing product numbers, quantity, payment, or imprint). The contact
     attempts are to be made within the following periods: one day of receipt
     (first attempt), three days of receipt (second attempt), and one week of
     receipt (third attempt). The mailing is to be sent if there is no response
     from the Customer after ten days of receipt of the Order, the postage for
     which is to be borne by Intuit. An Order is to be held for up to 3 weeks or
     as specified by Intuit after which the Order is sent back to the Customer.

26.  ELECTRONIC BILLING. Harland will provide billings in an electronic format
     as agreed to by both Harland and Intuit. The minimum fields includes: (i)
     invoice number, (ii) invoice date, (iii) Intuit Order number (where
     applicable), (iv) product or service description, (v) freight carrier
     (where applicable), and (vi) amount.

27.  ELECTRONIC ORDER PROCESSING. Harland will maintain and make enhancements
     where applicable in its production systems such that: (i) the minimum
     percentage of Direct-to-Plate Orders of Standard Products compared to total
     Orders of Standard Products is 90%; and (ii) the maximum Order reject rate
     for Orders of Standard Products coming from Intuit's order system
     (including but not limited to COSMOS and its successors) is less than 1%,
     provided Harland is given reasonable notice of Intuit-initiated system
     changes.

28.  LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. Harland acknowledges that the compensation set forth in
     Sections 18, 20, and 21 are not a penalty and that such compensation is
     reasonable. Harland further acknowledges that it is impractical and
     extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of monetary damages
     incurred by Intuit for violation or breach of the provisions set forth in
     Sections 18, 20 and 21. This Section applies only to damages for breach of
     contract arising out of violation or breach of the provisions of Sections
     18, 20 and 21 by Harland under this Agreement. Moreover, to the extent this
     Agreement provides for such compensation, the right to require payment of
     such compensation shall be the sole damages for such error or breach.
     Except for such damages, Intuit reserves and retains any and all rights and
     remedies available under this Agreement or otherwise.


                                       10
<PAGE>   11

     Intuit and Harland agree to meet quarterly to monitor Intuit's right to
     compensation as specified in this Section during the prior quarter and the
     results of the cost savings measures specified in Section 38. The locations
     and times of these meetings will be mutually agreed upon, and may coincide
     with the quarterly meetings specified in Section 23.


PRODUCTS

29.  PRODUCTS. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Harland
     shall produce, provide and deliver to Intuit and its Customers all the
     Exclusive Intuit Products, styles and colors that Intuit currently offers
     as of the Effective Date. The parties may agree to add other Intuit
     Products, styles, quantities and colors in the future. The terms of this
     Agreement shall apply to any other Intuit Products that Harland may supply
     Intuit in the future pursuant to such an agreement, provided that such
     other Intuit Products shall only be deemed to be additional Exclusive
     Intuit Products to the extent that the parties expressly agree in writing.
     Prices and charges for such other Intuit Products may be different from the
     prices for Exclusive Intuit Products set forth herein and will be mutually
     agreed to by Intuit and Harland in separate written addenda or amendments
     to this Agreement. Upon mutual agreement, the parties may agree to
     eliminate certain Intuit Products in the spirit of improving quality and
     customer satisfaction levels and/or lowering costs in the system.

30.  LOGOS.

     (a)  Customer Logos. Harland will include in the Intuit Products logos
          requested by Customers ("CUSTOMER LOGOS"). Harland will print all
          standard Customer Logos at no charge. A set of standard Customer Logos
          will be mutually agreed upon by both parties. Harland will scan and
          prepare custom Customer Logos from camera-ready artwork for a one-time
          charge as listed in Exhibit B. Should clean-up work be required on the
          Customer-submitted artwork in order to prepare it for printing an
          additional clean-up charge will be added to the Order as listed in
          Exhibit A. There will be no additional charge for printing either
          custom or standard Customer Logos. Either standard or custom Customer
          Logos are printed as part of the Customer's name and address for
          positioning and sizing, and should appear on all plies of multi-ply
          items except in cases where a logo must be printed using offset
          technology on multi-part forms. In the event certain royalty payments
          to third parties are required due to a Customer's request to use said
          logos, the cost of these royalties shall be borne by Intuit or the
          Customer.

     (b)  Intuit Marks.

          (i)  Harland shall affix Intuit's trademark, service mark, trade names
               and/or logos (collectively "INTUIT MARKS") on the Intuit Products
               as specified by Intuit and in accordance with Intuit's trademark
               usage requirements


                                       11
<PAGE>   12
                contained in Exhibit D, as such requirements may be modified by
                Intuit from time to time ("TRADEMARK USAGE REQUIREMENTS").

          (ii)  Harland agrees not to use or register in any jurisdiction any of
                the Intuit Marks or any trademark, service mark, trade name or
                logo resembling or confusingly similar to any of the Intuit
                Marks or any component(s) thereof, or any marks that include the
                Intuit Marks or component(s) thereof, or any marks that include
                the character string "QUICK," notwithstanding the licensed usage
                rights for the Intuit Products expressly granted in this
                Agreement and fair-use statements in marketing for Harland's own
                products, which may contain plain-text references to the
                "Intuit", "Quicken" or "QuickBooks" marks for the sole purpose
                of expressing basic compatibility, i.e., not for naming or
                branding of Harland's own products or implying source,
                affiliation or endorsement (e.g., "Harland(R) Checks...for use
                with QuickBooks(R) Accounting Software" and not "QuickBooks(R)
                Checks by Harland"). Harland agrees not to act in any manner or
                contribute in any way to actions or activities that would
                adversely affect the goodwill or the ownership of the Intuit
                Marks or any component(s) thereof. If Intuit notifies Harland of
                any such confusion, risk of confusion or adverse action, Harland
                agrees to take appropriate steps to immediately remedy or avoid
                such confusion, risk of confusion, or action.

          (iii) Harland shall give Intuit notice of any known or presumed
                infringements of the Intuit Marks, and Harland, at Harland's
                reasonable expense, shall render Intuit reasonable cooperation
                (i.e. supporting documentation, testimony, etc.) for the
                protection of the Intuit Marks. If Intuit decides to enforce its
                rights in the Intuit Marks against an infringer, all costs,
                expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred (excluding
                Harland's cooperative costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys'
                fees) and recoveries made shall be for the account of Intuit.

          (iv)  Harland acknowledges that the goodwill associated with the
                Intuit Marks may be irreparably damaged if the Intuit Products
                do not conform to industry standards and customer expectations
                concerning the performance and quality of such products. The
                Intuit Products will conform to the product quality requirements
                specified in Sections 14 and 16. Harland agrees to cooperate
                with Intuit in facilitating Intuit's control of the quality of
                the Intuit Products, to permit reasonable inspection of the
                Intuit Products, and to supply Intuit with specimens of the
                Intuit Products and use of the Intuit Marks upon request.
                Harland shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
                and obtain all appropriate government approvals pertaining to
                the sale, distribution, and advertising of the Intuit Products.


                                       12
<PAGE>   13

          (v)  Harland acknowledges Intuit's ownership of the Intuit Marks, that
               any and all usage of the Intuit Marks will inure to the sole
               benefit of Intuit, and that nothing in this Agreement or Intuit's
               trademark usage requirements gives Harland any right, title or
               interest in the Intuit Marks. Harland agrees not to attack the
               validity or Intuit's ownership of the Intuit Marks. Permission to
               display the Intuit Marks, other than on the Intuit Products and
               in fair use plain-text compatibility statements as set forth in
               Section 30(b)(ii) above, requires express written approval by
               Intuit prior to any release or publication of advertising,
               promotion or packaging, which approval can be withheld, and
               strict adherence to Intuit's Trademark Usage Requirements. All
               rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Intuit.

31.  SPECIFICATIONS. Intuit will provide Harland with the specifications for the
     Intuit Base Stock and printed information for all Exclusive Intuit Products
     and any other Intuit Products that Intuit may ask Harland to produce.

32.  RIGHTS IN CHECK DESIGNS. Harland acknowledges Intuit's ownership of all
     worldwide copyrights, trademarks, service marks and trade dress rights in
     Intuit Products, including but not limited to the alignment numbers in the
     tractor feed strips of the checks, the layout and design of checks, and the
     format of indicia on the checks. No transfer or license of any copyrights,
     trademarks, service marks, trade dress rights or other intellectual
     property rights in any Intuit Product is granted or implied by this
     Agreement.


PRICING

33.  SERVICE CHARGES. For each Order for which Harland performs services under
     this Agreement, Harland shall charge Intuit the amounts set forth in
     Exhibit A.

34.  MANUFACTURING CHARGES. Manufacturing functions include all production
     functions necessary to produce the Order after the Order has been made
     available to Harland from Intuit's ordering system (including, but not
     limited to, COSMOS and its successors) with all prepress functions having
     been completely performed (i.e., editing, data entry, order entry, etc.)
     whether such functions are performed by Harland, Intuit or some third
     party. For each Order for which Harland performs manufacturing functions,
     Harland shall charge Intuit the prices set forth in Exhibit B.

35.  INCENTIVE ALLOWANCE. Harland agrees to provide Intuit an incentive
     allowance of $3,400,000 to be drawn upon at the rate of $50,000 per month
     beginning with the first effective month of this agreement. Intuit may take
     this allowance in the form of a credit against outstanding invoices of
     Harland to Intuit or may request payment of the advance in cash by wire
     transfer.

36.  MARKETING ALLOWANCE. In addition to the incentive allowance described in
     Section 35, Harland agrees to provide Intuit with an annual $300,000 in
     marketing allowances for each twelve-month period ending on the anniversary
     of the Effective Date.


                                       13
<PAGE>   14

     Such $300,000 annual amount will be prorated for any periods of less than
     twelve months that occur during this Agreement. For example, for the period
     beginning on January 1, 2005, and ending on August 31, 2005, the marketing
     allowance would be equal to $200,000. Intuit may spend these marketing
     allowances as it deems appropriate provided that such allowance is spent in
     a manner reasonably calculated to increase the penetration of Intuit
     Product to Customers in the Intuit software base. At Intuit's option,
     Harland will reimburse Intuit for these expenses either as a credit against
     outstanding invoices or by wire transfer within thirty (30) days of receipt
     of documentation substantiating the expenses. Harland will provide Intuit
     an annual accounting of the unused balance of this allowance.

37.  PRICING/INCENTIVE PROVISIONS. Intuit acknowledges that Harland has agreed
     to favorable terms and conditions in this Agreement including the pricing
     set forth in Sections 33 and 34, Exhibit A, and Exhibit B and the payment
     of an incentive allowance (Section 35) and a marketing allowance (Section
     36) based upon factors including Intuit FSG's current unit volume and
     anticipated growth in unit volume. Accordingly:

     (a)  if during any period consisting of twelve (12) consecutive months
          during the Term of this Agreement, Intuit's unit volume to Harland
          equals less than 750,000 units, Intuit shall not be entitled to any
          further incentive allowance payments;

     (b)  if during any period consisting of twelve (12) consecutive months
          during the Term of this Agreement, Intuit's unit volume to Harland
          equals less than 500,000 units, Harland shall not be obligated to
          provide Intuit the pricing set forth in this Agreement, and Harland
          and Intuit shall negotiate in good faith as to the applicable pricing.
          If Harland and Intuit are unable to agree upon the applicable pricing,
          then such event can be considered grounds for non-performance under
          this Agreement with consequences as described in Section 45.

38.  FUTURE COST SAVINGS. Continuous improvement in reducing costs is critical
     to competing effectively in the market. Harland agrees to review with
     Intuit its costs on an annual basis. Cost savings identified, other than
     those associated with direct material costs, will be shared between Intuit
     and Harland with 60% of the savings going to Intuit and 40% to Harland.

39.  SPECIAL PROMOTIONS. From time to time Intuit may offer promotional programs
     to Customers as a purchase incentive. Specific terms of promotions and
     Harland's participation in same will be agreed upon in writing between
     Harland and Intuit.

40.  ALLOWABLE PRICE ADJUSTMENTS. Harland may not change any prices in this
     Agreement or any of its Exhibits except to reflect changes in Harland's
     direct material costs for paper and packaging material as described in
     subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) and except as expressly set forth in
     Section 41:


                                       14
<PAGE>   15

     (a)  Changes in Paper Costs. If, in any twelve-month period during the term
          of this Agreement that ends on an anniversary of the Effective Date,
          Harland experiences an increase in its direct material costs for paper
          or packaging material, then Harland may thereafter increase the price
          shown in Exhibit B for each Product whose cost is affected by such
          cost increase by no more than one half (1/2) of the direct cost
          increase for each item. Harland must clearly substantiate to Intuit
          any annual increase in its direct paper or packaging material costs.
          If in any twelve (12) month period during the Term of this Agreement
          that ends on an anniversary of the Effective Date, Harland experiences
          a decrease in such costs, then Harland shall thereafter decrease the
          price shown in Exhibit B for each Product by one-half (1/2) of the
          cost decrease for each item.

     (b)  Frequency. Harland may not for any reason increase its price for any
          Intuit Product more than once per each twelve-month period ending on
          an anniversary of the Effective Date (i.e., Harland cannot increase
          its price for any Intuit Product more frequently than one (1) year
          after the date of Harland's most recent previous price increase for
          such Intuit Product). Further, except as set forth in Section 41,
          Harland may not increase any prices for any reason whatsoever prior to
          the first anniversary of the Effective Date of this Agreement.

     (c)  Notification. Harland must notify Intuit in writing of any proposed
          price increase at least sixty (60) days in advance of such increase.
          Any such price increase must be agreed upon in writing by Intuit,
          which agreement will not be unreasonably withheld. During that sixty
          (60) day period, Harland will continue to honor its existing prices.

     (d)  Right to Audit. Intuit shall have the full right to audit any and all
          documents, records or other paperwork of Harland's that it deems
          necessary or appropriate in order to verify Harland's right to make
          any price increase under this Agreement, including any agreements
          Harland may have with its suppliers. Harland agrees to make such
          information readily available to Intuit's auditors, and this
          information will be kept confidential.

41.  SHIPPING CHARGES. Harland's shipping charges to Customers will not exceed
     Harland's actual cost of shipment for each individual Order. Intuit shall
     have the right to audit Harland's shipping costs. Shipping charges are to
     be added to the price of the Order and are to be paid by Intuit with the
     exception of Orders that are the subject of Harland errors or shipping
     delays as provided in Sections 16, 20, 21, and 22 of this Agreement.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, any extra shipping charge for an Order
     delivered to a residential customer (as determined by UPS or other carrier)
     is not added to the price of that Order. Harland and Intuit will continue
     the current practice of estimating this charge which is to be paid by
     Intuit to Harland.

42.  PAYMENT TERMS. Harland will issue invoices to Intuit no more frequently
     than once per week. Payment terms shall be net 30 days with a two percent
     (2%) discount for early


                                       15
<PAGE>   16

     payment within ten (10) business days of Intuit's receipt of Harland's
     invoice. Debit memos will have the same terms as invoices. Credit memos are
     applicable to outstanding invoices or debit memos. In the event that Intuit
     has a credit balance with Harland for a period of at least thirty (30)
     days, Intuit may elect to have Harland pay Intuit such credit balance in
     cash within ten (10) days after such thirty (30) day period by giving
     Harland written notice to that effect.

RENEWAL; TERMINATION AND RELATED TERMS

43.  OPTION TO RENEW. The parties may mutually agree to renew this Agreement for
     additional terms of two (2) years on the same terms and conditions as set
     forth in this Agreement. Such agreement to renew shall be reflected in
     writing.

44.  INVENTORY BUYBACK. Upon cancellation or termination of this Agreement for
     any reason other than for the fault of Harland and/or if Intuit modifies
     Intuit Base Stock resulting in obsolete Intuit Base Stock inventory, and/or
     if Intuit changes packaging requirements, Harland at its sole discretion
     has the right to sell all or part of its then-existing inventory of unique
     Intuit Base Stock, and/or its then existing inventory of unique Intuit
     packaging material to Intuit for an amount equal to its book value. Intuit
     has the right to review such records as it deems necessary or appropriate
     to verify the book value of such inventory. In no event will Intuit be
     responsible for paying for more than the greater of ninety (90) days worth
     of base stock or packaging material inventory or 75,000 forms or units.
     Ninety (90) days worth shall be determined as 25% of the previous twelve
     months usage, provided the base stock in question has been offered during
     the previous twelve (12) month period. Intuit shall be responsible for all
     such inventory if it was initially offered during the previous twelve (12)
     month period.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intuit shall not be obligated to purchase
     any inventory that (1) is not in good and usable condition such that it
     could be used for its intended purposes without further preparation or
     expense, or (2) Harland orders after receiving notice of termination of
     this Agreement or notice of modifications to the Intuit Base Stock. Any
     stock that has been purchased by Harland pursuant to mutually agreed upon
     new product pilot tests shall be specifically excluded from Intuit's
     buyback obligation. The costs of such material shall be covered under
     separate agreements.

45.  TERMINATION.

     (a)  Grounds for Termination. Either party shall have the right to
          terminate this Agreement:

          (i)  sixty (60) days after giving the other party written notice of
               termination of this Agreement ("TERMINATION NOTICE") if the other
               party has materially breached this Agreement and fails to cure
               each such material breach of this Agreement described in the
               Termination Notice within sixty (60) days


                                       16
<PAGE>   17

               after the Termination Notice has been given (within the meaning
               of Section 52 hereof) to such other party;

          (ii) immediately, if the other party becomes the subject of a
               voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any voluntary proceeding
               relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation, or composition
               for the benefit of creditors; or

         (iii) immediately, if the other party becomes the subject of an
               involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any involuntary proceeding
               relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition
               or other arrangement for the benefit of creditors, if such
               petition or proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of
               its initial filing.

          In addition, Intuit shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
          on ninety (90) days prior written notice to Harland at any time
          following the second anniversary of the Effective Date in the event
          that: (1) new technology is available that significantly impacts the
          marketplace in which Harland operates under this Agreement and such
          technology has not been adequately adopted by Harland for use in
          fulfilling Intuit's Orders; or (2) Harland is unable to scale the
          color/semi-custom/custom business significantly enough to meet the
          volumes demanded by Intuit's Customers.

     (b)  Orders After Termination Notice. In the event that any notice or
          termination of this Agreement is given in accordance with this
          Section, Harland will continue to process any Customer Orders received
          by Harland prior to the effective date of termination; provided that
          in the event of a dispute regarding nonpayment by Intuit, Intuit
          deposits the disputed amount in an interest bearing escrow account
          with a commercial bank and provides written notice of same to Harland.

     (c)  Effect of Termination or Expiration. For a period of two (2) years
          after the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement for any
          reason, Harland will make available to Intuit for inspection and
          copying all books and records of Harland and its affiliates that
          pertain to Harland's performance and compliance with its obligations,
          warranties and representations under this Agreement (other than those
          books and records required to be destroyed by Harland under this
          paragraph (c)). In addition, upon termination or expiration of this
          Agreement Harland and its affiliates (i) will cease using any Intuit
          trademark, service mark, trade name, logo or designation, and (ii)
          will forward all Customer information (including, but not limited to,
          all Customer Logos in the format specified by Intuit) and all Bank
          Files, and all copies thereof, in its/their possession to Intuit
          within two (2) weeks after termination of this Agreement pursuant to
          this Section. After forwarding all such materials to Intuit, Harland
          agrees to destroy all information related to Intuit Customers that is
          in the possession of Harland or any of its affiliates. Intuit shall
          use such information of Harland that it inspects or audits solely for
          the purpose of determining Harland's performance and compliance with
          its obligations,


                                       17
<PAGE>   18

          warranties, and representations under this Agreement and shall
          otherwise keep such information confidential.

     (d)  No Damages for Termination. REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT ANY REMEDY OF
          ANY PARTY HEREUNDER FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, NEITHER PARTY WILL
          BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT
          LIMITATION INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ON ACCOUNT OF
          THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS
          TERMS. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER ON ACCOUNT OF
          TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS
          TERMS FOR ANY REIMBURSEMENT OR DAMAGES FOR THE LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS
          OF ANY PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED INCOME, OR ON ACCOUNT OF ANY
          EXPENDITURES, INVESTMENTS, LEASES OR OTHER COMMITMENTS MADE BY EITHER
          PARTY OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON WHATSOEVER BASED UPON, OR ARISING FOR
          ANY REASON OUT OF, SUCH EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION.

     (e)  Survival. Notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this
          Agreement, the following provisions of this Agreement shall survive
          and continue to bind the parties following the termination of this
          Agreement: Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20 (with respect to the
          shipment of Orders pending at the date of termination or expiration of
          this Agreement), 32, and 46.

     (f)  Special Remedies for Non-Performance. In the event that Harland
          materially breaches any of the provisions under GENERAL TERMS,
          PRODUCTION, PRODUCTS, and PRICING (i.e. Sections 1 through 42 of this
          Agreement), Harland will be given 60 days to remedy the
          non-performance. If after this 60 day period, Harland fails to cure
          such material breach, then Intuit, at its sole option, may, in lieu of
          terminating this Agreement as provided above:

          (i)  terminate the exclusivity provision of Section 4 of this
               Agreement; and/or

          (ii) elect to reduce the remaining Term of this Agreement to one (1)
               year from the date that Intuit gives Harland written notice of
               Intuit's election to reduce the remaining Term of this Agreement
               pursuant to this Section (the "REDUCTION NOTICE"), in which case
               this Agreement will automatically terminate on the first
               anniversary of the date that Intuit gives Harland the Reduction
               Notice.

46.  NO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. Neither party shall be responsible to the other
     for any claims for any special, incidental, or consequential damage,
     including lost profits, or loss arising from breach of warranty or any
     other default on the part of such party.


                                       18
<PAGE>   19

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

47.  YEAR 2000 WARRANTY. Harland represents and warrants to Intuit that
     Harland's services covered by this Agreement will not at any time incur a
     material loss of performance as a result of the century date change in the
     year 2000 or as a result of the year 2000 being a leap year.
     Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of Section 45(a)(i), the notice
     and cure period for a material breach of the foregoing will be thirty (30)
     days.

48.  MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT. No modification or amendment to this
     Agreement shall be effective unless it is executed in writing by both
     parties.

49.  ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each
     party's permitted successors and assigns. Harland may not assign this
     Agreement, in whole or in part, without Intuit's written consent. Any
     attempt by Harland to assign this Agreement without such consent will be
     null and void. During the Term of this Agreement Harland agrees not to sell
     its interest in all or substantially all of the assets required to perform
     its obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of
     Intuit. The parties agree that, in the event of Harland's breach of the
     provisions of this paragraph: (i) Intuit will have the right to terminate
     this Agreement without penalty at any time following such breach; and (ii)
     Intuit will not have the right to prevent a corporate-wide sale of
     Harland's assets to a third party.

50.  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
     accordance with the internal laws of the State of California applicable to
     agreements entered into, and to be performed entirely, within California
     between California residents, without regard to principles of choice of law
     or conflict of laws.

51.  SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid,
     unlawful or unenforceable, then, if possible, that provision will be
     modified to the extent possible to reflect the parties intentions and
     remain valid, lawful, and enforceable, rather than being voided, and
     whether or not such provisions is voided or so modified, the other
     provisions of this Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force and
     effect.

52.  NOTICES. All notices under this Agreement will be deemed to have been given
     for purposes of this Agreement when such notice is (i) delivered
     personally, (ii) sent by confirmed facsimile transmission, or (iii) sent by
     certified or registered U.S. mail or nationally-recognized express courier,
     return receipt requested, to the address of the receiving party shown below
     or to such other address for notice under this Agreement as may otherwise
     be specified by either party to the other by a written notice given in
     accordance with the provisions of this Section:

                                       19

<PAGE>   20

               If to Intuit:         Intuit Inc.

                                     2525 Garcia Avenue
                                     Mountain View, CA 94043
                                     Attn:  Vice President and General Manager,
                                            Financial Supplies Group
                                     Fax: (650) 944-6919

               with a copy to:       Intuit Inc.
                                     2550 Garcia Avenue
                                     Mountain View, CA 94043
                                     Attn: General Counsel
                                     Fax: (650) ____________

               If to Harland:        John H. Harland Company
                                     300 E. Meridian Street
                                     Milton, Washington 98371
                                     Attn: Martin Kerner
                                     Fax: (253) 927-4014

               with a copy to:       John H. Harland Company
                                     2939 Miller Road
                                     Decatur, GA 30035
                                     Attn: General Counsel
                                     Fax: (770) 593-5619

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the above provisions of this Section shall
     not apply to Intuit's notification of Order errors to Harland, which may be
     given by Intuit by way of telephone, facsimile transmission, electronic
     transmission or electronic mail as indicated in Section 21 of this
     Agreement.

53.  INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. The parties to this Agreement are independent
     contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture,
     employment, franchise, or agency between the parties. Neither party will
     have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other's behalf
     without the other's prior written consent.

54.  WAIVER. No failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights
     under this Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights. No waiver of any
     rights hereunder will be effective unless set forth in a writing signed by
     the party granting such waiver.

55.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement together with its Exhibits and Appendix
     constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement and understanding between
     the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and this Agreement
     shall supersede and replace any and all prior agreements, communications,
     and understandings (both written and oral) regarding such subject matter,
     including the Prior Agreement.


                                       20
<PAGE>   21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Intuit and Harland have executed and entered into this
Agreement by their duly authorized representatives effective as of January 1,
2000.

JOHN H. HARLAND COMPANY                 INTUIT INC.



By:                                     By:
   ----------------------------------      -------------------------------------


Name:                                   Name:
     --------------------------------        -----------------------------------


Title:                                  Title:
      -------------------------------         ----------------------------------


Date:                                   Date:
     --------------------------------        -----------------------------------


Attachments:

Appendix 1:           Certain Definitions

Exhibit A:            Service Charges

Exhibit B:            Manufacturing Prices

Exhibit C:            Bank File Letter Agreement

Exhibit D:            Trademark Usage Requirements


                                       21
<PAGE>   22

                                   APPENDIX 1
                               CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Supply Agreement, the following terms are defined as
indicated below.

Bank                The term "BANK" means the bank, credit union, savings and
                    loan or any other financial institution at which the
                    Customer has a checking account for which the Customer is
                    purchasing checks supplied under this Agreement.

Bank File           The term "BANK FILE" means an electronic database of
                    information owned by Intuit and maintained by Harland for
                    the benefit of Intuit, as such may be improved, enhanced and
                    expanded from time to time, that will enable Intuit to take
                    Orders by phone or electronically directly from a Customer
                    without the need for a sample check or MICR specification
                    sheet. The Bank File is also necessary to enable Intuit to
                    electronically transmit its Orders pursuant to this
                    Agreement. The purpose of the Bank File database is (1) to
                    insure that shipped orders contain valid and correct
                    financial institution information regarding the Customer(s),
                    including valid account number, sequential position, and the
                    transit/routing number, and correct fractional number and
                    bank address; and (2) to validate this information before
                    orders are accepted, thereby improving the accuracy of
                    telephone and electronic customer Orders.

Business Day        The term "BUSINESS DAY" means a 24-hour period during a
                    Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday; provided
                    that Business Days do not include: (a) any holiday
                    recognized by the federal government of the United States of
                    America, or (b) any Saturday or Sunday.

Cross-Shipment      The term "CROSS-SHIPMENT" means when Harland ships an Order
                    to a person other than the Customer for whom such Order was
                    intended.

Customer            The term "CUSTOMER" refers to an Intuit customer.

Direct-to-Plate     The term "DIRECT-TO-PLATE" means the process and technology
                    whereby Intuit and Harland work together to achieve the
                    electronic transmission of pre-formatted Customer Orders
                    directly from Intuit to Harland. By use of the electronic
                    transmission of Orders, Harland will eliminate the need to
                    perform data entry, auditing, and editing of Customer
                    Orders, thus reducing Harland's operating costs. Historical
                    reference is made to the term "plate" which is used on an
                    offset printing press.

Intuit FSG          The term "INTUIT FSG" means the Intuit business unit that
                    has responsibility for the supply of software-compatible
                    checks and forms to Customers.

Intuit Base         The term "INTUIT BASE STOCK" means the Intuit-specified
Stock               pre-printed paper upon which individual customer information
                    is imprinted to produce personalized checks and invoices.

                                       22
<PAGE>   23

Intuit Product or   The term "INTUIT PRODUCT" or "PRODUCT" means any Intuit FSG
Product             product,  including but not limited to Exclusive
                    Intuit Products, that Intuit purchases from Harland pursuant
                    to this Agreement.

Standard            The term "STANDARD PRODUCT" means any "EXCLUSIVE INTUIT
Product             PRODUCTS" that do not include custom features or unusual
                    requirements, including but not limited to new custom logo,
                    color imprint, new phantom logo, back-printing, additional
                    color).

Exclusive Intuit    The term "EXCLUSIVE INTUIT PRODUCTS" means the following
Product             products provided by Intuit FSG to Customers as of the
                    Effective Date: (a) standard, semi-custom, and custom
                    software compatible forms and checks; (b) manual checks; (c)
                    pre-inked stamps; and (d) imprinted envelopes.

Order               The term "ORDER" means an Intuit Customer order for the
                    purchase of Intuit Products. Orders may be transmitted by
                    Intuit to Harland electronically (via modem or phone line),
                    by facsimile, or by mail.

                                       23
<PAGE>   24

                                    EXHIBIT A


                                SERVICE CHARGES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                            PRICE
       SERVICE                               DESCRIPTION                          PRICE     BASIS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>                                                        <C>      <C>
Order Clarification    Research and resolve incomplete or ambiguous order         $8.75    Per Order
                       information, including direct interaction with Intuit's
                       customer.

Standard Data Entry    Edit paper orders submitted by Intuit's customers,         $4.78    Per Order
                       process customer payments, and input data into
                       production system.

State "0" Data Entry   Enter all information required to produce non-standard
                       orders.                                                    $4.04    Per Order

State "10" Data Entry  Review and edit State 10 orders originating external to    $1.96    Per Order
                       Harland.

Customer Rush          Customer paid rush services                               $15.00    Per Item

Intuit Rush            Non-customer paid rush services                            $7.00    Per Item

Special clean-up       Clean-up low quality logo artwork, provide custom         $26.25    Per Item
                       design.

Accounting voucher     Provide proof of payment for non FSG-supplied products    No charge Per Order
processing             ordered in tandem with printed products.

Extended Call          Provide customer service telephone coverage on weekends,  $35.00    Per Customer
Center Support         and before 5AM and after 6PM Pacific Time on business               Service
                       days.                                                               Representative
                                                                                           Hour
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       24
<PAGE>   25

                                    EXHIBIT B

                              MANUFACTURING PRICES

                                     CHECKS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             STANDARD STANDARD   STANDARD       VOUCHER      VOUCHER      VOUCHER     WALLET 1
              1-PART   2-PART     3-PART        1-PART        2-PART       3-PART       PART
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            LASER
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>          <C>      <C>        <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
      250    $ 12.58     na         na          $ 14.78      $ 23.30      $ 34.50      $ 13.04

      500      15.00     na         na            21.84        38.91        57.93        15.10

    1,000      19.92     na         na            35.98        71.44       106.14        19.85

    2,000      32.52     na         na            65.59       135.18       202.54        30.85

    3,000      44.28     na         na            93.87       198.92       298.95        42.07

    4,000      56.04     na         na           123.48       264.00       395.36        53.22

    5,000      69.13     na         na           153.10       327.74       491.76        65.70

Add'l 1000     12.83     na         na            29.02        62.47        94.48        12.23
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         CONTINUOUS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       250   $ 13.35   $ 18.27      na          $ 14.40      $ 21.88      $ 26.32      $ 13.22

       500     17.77     26.82      na            20.37        33.46        42.25        15.34

     1,000     26.61     44.38      na            31.68        57.60        76.41        21.91

     2,000     44.29     79.51      na            54.30       107.21       143.41        34.85

     3,000     61.96    114.64      na            78.26       155.48       210.40        47.79

     4,000     79.64    151.10      na           100.89       205.09       277.40        60.73

     5,000     97.32    186.23      na           123.51       254.70       344.39        73.67

Add'l 1000     17.32     34.43      na            22.17        48.61        65.66        12.68
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                               FORMS AND DEPOSITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              FORM 1   FORM 2   FORM 3           FORM 4      DEPOSIT      DEPOSIT      DEPOSIT
               PART     PART     PART             PART       1-PART        2-PART       3-PART
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 LASER
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>          <C>      <C>       <C>             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
       250   $ 14.98  $ 24.64   $ 31.42         $ 38.84      $ 13.84      $ 20.40      $ 30.58

       500     21.96    41.11     54.73           70.91        20.95        32.13        47.86

     1,000     35.92    75.40    102.68          135.04        31.79        57.36        84.38

     2,000     65.18   142.63    198.57          261.97        51.28       103.75       152.30

     3,000     93.11   209.87    294.46          388.90        70.77       150.14       220.22

     4,000    122.37   278.44    390.36          517.17        90.26       196.53       288.14

     5,000    151.63   345.67    486.25          644.10       109.75       242.92       356.06

Add'l 1000     28.67    65.89     93.98          124.39        19.49        46.39        67.92
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           CONTINUOUS                            BOOK
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       250   $ 17.73  $ 27.33   $ 34.43         $ 42.32      $  6.39      $ 12.37      $ 16.07     200

       500     26.52    45.52     59.55           74.39        12.78        24.74        32.14     400

     1,000     44.10    81.90    109.80          138.51        19.17        37.11        48.21     600

     2,000     79.26   155.98    211.62          268.10        25.56        49.48        64.28     800

     3,000    115.75   228.74    313.44          397.69        31.95        61.85        80.35   1,000

     4,000    150.91   302.83    415.26          527.27        38.34        74.22        96.42   1,200

     5,000    186.07   376.92    515.76          656.86        44.73        86.59       112.49   1,400

Add'l 1000     34.46    72.61     98.48          126.99         6.39        12.37        16.07   Add'l 200
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       25
<PAGE>   26

                              EXHIBIT B - CONTINUED


                              MANUFACTURING PRICES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     ENVELOPES                                                         STMT
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                STANDARD       FORM       WALLET
             SINGLE   REMITTAN   DOUBLE       DOUBLE      DOUBLE     STANDARD    FORM SELF             REMIT-
             WINDOW      CE      WINDOW       WINDOW      WINDOW    SELF-SEAL      SEAL                TANCE
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      IMPRINTED ENVELOPES
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>          <C>      <C>       <C>           <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>                <C>
       250   $ 17.08   $ 23.93      na          na          na          na          na               $  16.41

       500     23.89     33.58      na          na          na          na          na               $  24.83

     1,000     38.20     52.67      na          na          na          na          na               $  41.65

     2,000     65.03     87.52      na          na          na          na          na               $  76.64

     3,000     91.87    122.36      na          na          na          na          na               $ 110.30

     4,000    118.70    157.21      na          na          na          na          na               $ 145.29

     5,000    145.53    192.05      na          na          na          na          na               $ 180.28

Add'l 1000     26.29     34.15      na          na          na          na          na               $  34.40
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   PICK AND PACK ENVELOPES(*)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       250       na       na    $  2.50         $  2.50   $ 2.50      $ 2.50      $ 2.50

       500       na       na       2.50            2.50     2.50        2.50        2.50

     1,000       na       na       3.75            3.75     3.75        3.75        3.75

     2,000       na       na       4.00            4.00     4.00        4.00        4.00

     3,000       na       na       5.25            5.25     5.25        5.25        5.25

     4,000       na       na       6.50            6.50     6.50        6.50        6.50

     5,000       na       na       7.75            7.75     7.75        7.75        7.75

Add'l 1000       na       na       1.25            1.25     1.25        1.25        1.25
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      (*) These are not Exclusive Intuit Products

- -----------------------
OFFICE AND AWAY
- -----------------------
     Binder      27.25

        250      13.10

        500      17.73

       1000      25.37

       2000      39.88
- -----------------------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         STAMPS AND LOGOS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                 PRICE
      PRODUCT                              DESCRIPTION                                 PRICE     BASIS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>                                                              <C>      <C>
Pre-inked 1-color     Endorsement, return address, fax cover, and standard stamp.      $7.50    Per Item
stamp                 Price includes First Class mail delivery.

Pre-inked 2-color     Monogram/return address stamp in 2 colors. Price includes        $8.76    Per Item
stamp                 First Class mail delivery.

Pre-inked signature   Customer signature stamp.  Price includes scanning signature,   $17.93    Per Item
stamp                 cleaning up, and First Class mail delivery.
                                                                                         No     Per Item
Standard Logo         Add standard logo to personalization.                            charge

New Custom Logo       Scan customer-provided art, clean up, and position in           $10.50    Per Item
                      personalization.

Custom Logo Reorder   Reuse previously scanned custom logo.                              No     Per Item
                                                                                       charge
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>   27

                                    EXHIBIT C

                           Bank File Letter Agreement


[Attach 10/20/97 letter from Joel Brown to Martin Kerner]


                                       27
<PAGE>   28

                                    EXHIBIT D

                          Trademark Usage Requirements


A.   INTUIT "HEAD" LOGO DESIGN USAGE

Harland may display the Intuit "Head" Logo Design in accordance with the
guidelines and limitations set forth herein and in the SUPPLY AGREEMENT between
Intuit and Harland ("SUPPLY AGREEMENT" or "AGREEMENT"). However, Intuit requires
that Harland obtain only original digital or camera-ready artwork directly from
Intuit. No resampling or other attempted duplication is allowed and no
alterations, modifications, cropping or additions to the Logo are permitted. In
all printed materials that involve any graphics and/or color, the Intuit Logo
should be presented in color. The Intuit Logo will only be displayed in white
background with red lettering or red background with white letters as supplied.
Black & white can only be used in approved materials that are less than 4-color.
The red used can only be PMS 186 as supplied. The typeface for the Intuit Logo
will always be only that typeface supplied by Intuit. The Logo should always be
used as received from Intuit. Original logo art supplied by Intuit can be
enlarged or reduced in size, but must be done in exact proportion to the
original height and width. The Intuit Logo should always have the
"(R)" registration symbol near the upper right corner or "shoulder" portion of
the mark.

The Intuit Logo must only appear in a standard size for the allowed Intuit
Products supplied by Harland, such size to be pre-approved by Intuit. The Intuit
Logo must always appear by itself. The Logo will not be "violated" or touched by
any other text or graphics in any way, and there must be a border of space of at
least 15 percent of the total height of the stylized letter "I" surrounding the
Intuit Logo on all sides in every instance the Logo appears.


B.   MARKETING AND BRAND POSITIONING

Any materials that use the Intuit Logo must (in the sole opinion of Intuit) be
consistent with the following brand attributes of the Intuit product line:
easy-to-use, friendly, trusted, financial, good value and very high quality.

Colors, fonts, graphics, etc. that are used in the same materials as the Intuit
Logo should reflect those same brand attributes without copying the overall
Intuit Product Trade Dress that appears on US and Canadian packaging for Quicken
and other products and on other Intuit-created materials unless Harland is
specifically licensed to use the Intuit Trade Dress. Intuit must review all
marketing materials and packaging and may provide input about how and whether
said materials conform to the brand character. If marketing materials or
packaging are inconsistent in the sole opinion of Intuit, Intuit can require
that such materials be changed prior to any public distribution.


                                       28
<PAGE>   29

C.   APPROPRIATE SYMBOLS AND LEGENDS

The Intuit Logo is a registered trademark and must appear with the "(R)" symbol
placed on the right "shoulder" of the mark (i.e., directly next to the mark in
the upper right). Thus, the correct symbol placement is as follows: Intuit(R).
The symbol must appear in every iteration of the Logo, but may be omitted for
convenience after the first mention in prose, plain-text materials.

If required in the SUPPLY AGREEMENT, the appropriate ownership legend must be
included in the "legal notices" section of any materials in which the Intuit
Logo or Mark is displayed. This legend must read as follows: "Intuit and the
Intuit Logo are a trademarks of Intuit Inc., registered in the United States and
other countries." In packaging, advertising and promotional materials, the
legend is typically placed at the bottom of the box, ad or layout. The legend
may appear in small type, but must still be legible.


D.   NO SIMILAR MARKS.

Harland may not adopt, use or register any other marks that appear to be related
to or are similar to any Intuit Marks. Any new marks created or adopted by
Harland, if such marks are for products or services marketed in the same general
trade channels as the Intuit Products, must be pre-approved in writing by the
Authorized Representative of Intuit.


E.   ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS

The permission to display the Intuit Logo is a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-assignable permission that extends only to the Territory, only as defined in
the Agreement, only for the purpose of performing Harland's obligations to
Intuit under the Agreement, and only for the Term of the Agreement.

Harland is not permitted to use the Intuit Logo, or any other logo owned by
Intuit, on Harland's own product lines or to disparage Intuit, its subsidiaries,
products, or services, or for promotional goods (like shirts, pens, etc.) or in
any way which, in Intuit's reasonable judgment, may diminish or otherwise damage
Intuit's goodwill in the Intuit Logo or other Intuit-owned logos, including but
not limited to uses that could be deemed to be obscene, violent or otherwise in
poor taste or unlawful, or which purpose is to encourage unlawful activities.
Intuit reserves the right to object to unfair uses or misuses of the Intuit
Logo, other Intuit-owned marks or other violations of applicable law.


                                       29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>f64477ex10-30.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.30
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.30


                                LEASE AGREEMENT


        This Lease, made this 30th day of April, 1999 between CHARLESTON
PROPERTIES, a California General Partnership, hereinafter called Landlord, and
INTUIT INC., a Delaware corporation, hereinafter called Tenant.

                                  WITNESSETH:

        Landlord hereby leases to Tenant and Tenant hereby hires and takes from
Landlord those certain premises (the "Premises") outlined in red on Exhibit "A",
attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference thereto more
particularly described as follows:

        The entire two story Building comprising 62,905 gross square feet of
space located in Mountain View, Santa Clara County, California and further
identified at the following address:

                                2675 Coast Avenue
                                -----------------

As used herein the Complex shall mean and include all of the land outlined in
red and described in Exhibit "B", attached hereto, and all of the buildings,
improvements, fixtures and equipment now or hereafter situated on said land.

        Said letting and hiring is upon and subject to the terms, covenants and
conditions hereinafter set forth and Tenant covenants as a material part of the
consideration for this Lease to perform and observe each and all of said terms,
covenants and conditions. This Lease is made upon the conditions of such
performance and observance.

1.      USE  Tenant shall use the Premises only in conformance with applicable
governmental laws, regulations, rules and ordinances for the purpose of office,
sales, R & D and related uses necessary for Tenant to conduct its business,
provided such uses are permitted and conform to City zoning laws and all other
governmental laws, regulations, rules and ordinances, and for no other purpose.
Tenant shall not do or permit to be done in or about the Premises or the Complex
nor bring or keep or permit to be brought or kept in or about the Premises or
the Complex anything which is prohibited by or will in any way increase the
existing rate of (or otherwise affect) fire or any insurance covering the
Complex or any part thereof, or any of its contents, or will cause a
cancellation of any insurance covering the Complex or any part thereof, or any
of its contents. Tenant shall not do or permit to be done anything in, on or
about the Premises or the Complex which will in any way obstruct or interfere
with the rights of other tenants or occupants of the Complex or injure or annoy
them, or use or allow the Premises to be used for any improper, immoral,
unlawful or objectionable purpose, nor shall Tenant cause, maintain or permit
any nuisance in, on or about the Premises or the Complex. No sale by auction
shall be permitted on the Premises. Tenant shall not place any loads upon the
floors, walls, or ceiling, which endanger the structure, or place any harmful
fluids or other materials in the drainage system of the building, or overload
existing electrical or other mechanical systems. No waste materials or refuse
shall be dumped upon or permitted to remain upon any part of the Premises or
outside of the building in which the Premises are a part, except in trash
containers placed inside exterior enclosures designated by Landlord for that
purpose or inside of the building proper where designated by Landlord. No
materials, supplies, equipment, finished products or semi-finished products, raw
materials or articles of any nature shall be stored upon or permitted to remain
outside the Premises or on any portion of common area of the Complex. No
loudspeaker or other device, system or apparatus which can be heard outside the
Premises shall be used in or at the Premises without the prior written consent
of Landlord. Tenant shall not commit or suffer to be committed any waste in or
upon the Premises. Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless
against any loss, expense, damage, attorney's fees, or liability arising out of
failure of Tenant to comply with any applicable law whose compliance is Tenant's
obligation hereunder. Tenant shall comply with any covenant, condition, or
restriction ("CC&R's") affecting the Premises. The provisions of this paragraph
are for the benefit of Landlord only and shall not be construed to be for the
benefit of any tenant or occupant of the Complex.


                                                                               1
<PAGE>   2

2.      TERM

        A. The term of this Lease shall be for a period of Ten ( 10 ) years
(unless sooner terminated as hereinafter provided) and, subject to Paragraphs
2(B) and 3, shall commence on the 12th day of July, 1999 and end on the 11th day
of July, 2009.

        B. Possession of the Premises shall be deemed tendered and the term of
this Lease shall commence when the first of the following occurs:

               (1) Sixty days after the date Landlord offers Tenant possession
of the Premises for the commencement of construction of Tenant improvements (if
any), provided that such date of offer shall in no event be earlier than May
12, 1999; or

               (2) Upon the occupancy of the Premises by any of Tenant's
operating personnel.

In the event Landlord is unable to make the Premises available to Tenant 60 days
prior to the Lease Commencement Date as set forth in Paragraph 2A above to
permit Tenant to commence construction of desired changes within the Premises,
Tenant shall receive any and all monies received by Landlord as penalties
(hereinafter referred to as Sun Excess Rent) from Sun Microsystems (the prior
Tenant) in excess of the Basic Rent amount that Sun Microsystems would have been
obligated to pay Landlord during any holdover period. For example, if Sun
Microsystems paid Landlord 150% of Basic Rent during a holdover period, Landlord
would receive 100% of the Basic Rent and Tenant would receive the 50% Sun Excess
Rent.

        C. The Lease Commencement Date for the Premises leased hereunder shall
remain as stated in paragraph 2A provided Landlord has granted Tenant access to
the Premises sixty days prior to the commencement of the Lease for the purpose
of Tenant's construction of Tenant Improvements. At such time as Landlord has
made the Premises available for the commencement of construction, Tenant or
Tenant's contractor, shall be permitted to commence construction. During this 60
day period, Tenant shall hold Landlord, and WSJ Properties (Landlord's Property
Management Company retained to manage the Complex) harmless from any loss or
damage caused by Tenant's or Tenant's contractor's construction activities
during this period. During this 60 day construction period, Tenant shall not be
obligated to pay Basic or Additional Rent on the Premises so under construction
unless Tenant elects to occupy the Premises during this 60 day period with
Tenant's operating personnel. In the event Tenant does occupy the Premises with
operating personnel, Tenant shall occupy the Premises under all the terms and
conditions of the Lease and Tenant shall pay Landlord Basic and Additional Rent
beginning with said Date of Occupancy by Tenant's operating personnel up and
until the specified Commencement Date of the term of the Lease in the following
daily amounts:

          Daily Basic Rent                    $5,975.98

          Daily Additional Rent               $  209.68 (estimated)

               The Commencement Date and Termination Date of Lease for the
Premises shall not be affected by this early occupancy and shall remain as
stated.

3.      POSSESSION If Landlord, for any reason whatsoever, cannot offer
possession of said Premises to Tenant at the commencement of said term, as
hereinbefore specified, this Lease shall not be void or voidable; no obligation
of Tenant shall be affected thereby; nor shall Landlord or Landlord's agents be
liable to Tenant for any loss or damage resulting therefrom (subject to the
provisions of paragraph 2B.(2) above); but in that event the commencement and
termination dates of the Lease, and all other dates affected thereby shall be
revised to conform to the date of Landlord's delivery of possession, as
specified in Paragraph 2 B, above. The above, is, however, subject to the
provision that the period of delay of delivery of the Premises shall not exceed
90 days from the commencement date herein (except those delays caused by Acts of
God, strikes, war, utilities, governmental bodies, weather, unavailable
materials, and delays beyond Landlord's control shall be excluded in calculating
such period) in which instance Tenant, at its option, may, by written notice to
Landlord, terminate this Lease. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if Landlord has not offered possession to Tenant of the Premises by August 12,
1999 then Tenant may cancel this Lease.


                                                                               2
<PAGE>   3

4.      RENT

        A. BASIC RENT. Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord at such place as
Landlord may designate without deduction, offset, prior notice, or demand, and
Landlord agrees to accept as Basic Rent for the leased Premises the total sum of
twenty-four million six hundred sixty-two thousand eight hundred twenty-eight
and 40/100 ($24,662,828.40) Dollars in lawful money of the United States of
America, payable as follows: Upon execution of this Lease, $19,519.50 which
represents the partial month's rent described in Paragraph 4.B. below, offset by
a $100,000 credit granted by Landlord to Tenant for Tenant improvements as
described in Paragraph 9. In the event the Lease Commencement Date is other than
July 12, 1999, the first month's prorated amount as calculated in Paragraph 4.B.
below shall be adjusted. The table below indicates various time periods and the
total monthly Basic Rent due during each such time period. All Basic Rent shall
be due and payable on or before the first day of each month of the lease term as
indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  MONTH OF LEASE TERM                  TOTAL MONTHLY BASIC RENT
<S>               <C>                                  <C>
                  1-12                                 $179,279.25
                  13-24                                $184,657.63
                  25-36                                $190,197.36
                  37-48                                $195,903.28
                  49-60                                $201,780.38
                  61-72                                $207,833.79
                  73-84                                $214,068.80
                  85-96                                $220,490.86
                  97-108                               $227,105.59
                  109-120                              $233,918.76
</TABLE>
        B. TIME FOR PAYMENT. In the event that the term of this Lease commences
on a date other than the first day of a calendar month, on the date of
commencement of the term hereof Tenant shall pay to Landlord as rent for the
period from such date of commencement to the first day of the next succeeding
calendar month that proportion of the monthly rent hereunder which the number of
days between such date of commencement and the first day of the next succeeding
calendar month bears to thirty (30), less the $100,000 credit referenced above
(in this case, based on a July 12, 1999 Lease Commencement Date, 20 days x
$5975.98 per day = $119,519.50 - $100,000 Tenant improvement credit =
$19,519.50). In the event that the term of this Lease for any reason ends on a
date other than the last day of a calendar month, on the first day of the last
calendar month of the term hereof Tenant shall pay to Landlord as rent for the
period from said first day of said last calendar month to and including the last
day of the term hereof that proportion of the monthly rent hereunder which the
number of days between said first day of said last calendar month and the last
day of the term hereof bears to thirty (30).

        C. LATE CHARGE. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease, if
Tenant is in default in the payment of rent as set forth in this Paragraph 4
when due, or any part thereof, Tenant agrees to pay Landlord, in addition to the
delinquent rental due, a late charge for each rental payment in default ten (10)
days. Said late charge shall equal ten (10%) percent of each rental payment so
in default. Landlord shall not assess a late charge after such 10 day period
unless Landlord thereafter notifies Tenant by telephone or fax that Tenant's
rental is delinquent and said rental remains delinquent for 48 hours after said
notice to Tenant.

        D. ADDITIONAL RENT. Beginning with the commencement date of the term of
this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord in addition to the Basic Rent and as
Additional Rent the following:

        (1)     Tenant's proportionate share of all utilities relating to the
                Complex as set forth in Paragraph 11, and

        (2)     Tenant's proportionate share of all Taxes relating to the
                Complex as set forth in Paragraph 12, and

        (3)     Tenant's proportionate share of all insurance premiums relating
                to the Complex, as set forth in Paragraph 15, and


                                                                               3
<PAGE>   4

        (4)     Tenant's proportionate share of expenses for the operation,
                management, maintenance and repair of the Building (including
                common areas of the Building) and Common Areas of the Complex in
                which the Premises are located as set forth in Paragraph 7, and

        (5)     All charges, costs and expenses, which Tenant is required to pay
                hereunder, together with all interest and penalties, costs and
                expenses including attorney's fees and legal expenses, that may
                accrue thereto in the event of Tenant's failure to pay such
                amounts, and all damages, reasonable costs and expenses which
                Landlord may incur by reason of default of Tenant or failure on
                Tenant's part to comply with the terms of this Lease. In the
                event of nonpayment by Tenant of Additional Rent, Landlord shall
                have all the rights and remedies with respect thereto as
                Landlord has for nonpayment of rent.

Tenant shall pay to Landlord monthly, in advance, Tenant's prorata share of an
amount estimated by Landlord in Landlord's reasonable judgement based on prior
year's expenses to be Landlord's approximate average monthly expenditure for
such Additional Rent items, which estimated amount shall be reconciled within
120 days of the end of each calendar year as compared to Landlord's actual
expenditure for said Additional Rent items, with Tenant paying to Landlord, upon
demand, any amount of actual expenses expended by Landlord in excess of said
estimated amount, or Landlord promptly refunding to Tenant (providing Tenant is
not in default beyond any applicable notice and cure period in the performance
of any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease) any amount of
estimated payments made by Tenant in excess of Landlord's actual expenditures
for said Additional Rent items. Landlord shall provide Tenant reasonably
adequate supporting documentation to the reconciliation.

        Landlord's estimate of the 1999 expense and Tenant's payment for such
Additional Rent as of the commencement of the term of this lease shall be six
thousand two hundred ($6,200.00) Dollars per month Any payments required to be
made by Tenant for Additional Rent shall be made by check or instrument separate
from that check or instrument used by Tenant to make any payments for Basic Rent
pursuant to paragraph 4 A.

                For purposes of calculating Tenant's proportionate share of
                Additional Rent Expenses for the Complex it is hereby mutually
                agreed the proportionate share is 100% because Tenant leases the
                entire building and the parcel of land upon which it is located.

                Landlord's monthly estimate for Additional Rent items described
                in this paragraph 4D (excluding taxes) for calendar year 1999 is
                $6,200 per month (approximately 62,905 x $.10). The following
                represents a line item breakdown of Landlord's estimate of
                monthly expenses (expressed in dollars per square foot per
                month):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                         <C>
                Exterior maintenance and landscape          $   0.035
                Insurance (including earthquake insurance)      0.045
                Management                                       0.02
                Utilities (Tenant pays directly)                   -0-
                Janitorial (Tenant pays directly)                  -0-
                                                            ---------
                 Total                                      $   0.100
</TABLE>

                Landscape water for the Complex shall be paid directly by
                Tenant.

                Taxes shall be billed separately and prorated for periods of
                occupancy and shall be due December 1st and April 1st of each
                calendar year. Landlord's estimate for the 1999-2000 Tax year
                (July 1, 1999 - June 30, 2000) for the Complex is as follows:

                Parcel #116-02-058-00

                $58,910.72


                                                                               4
<PAGE>   5

                Tenant shall have the right, during normal business hours and at
                Tenant's own expense, to audit Landlord's records concerning
                Additional Rent items. In the event a discrepancy of greater
                than 3% of Tenant's correct share of costs is discovered,
                Landlord shall pay the cost of Tenant's out of pocket costs to
                third parties and shall credit or refund to Tenant the amount of
                the discrepancy. If the audit indicates Tenant owes Landlord an
                additional amount, Tenant shall pay the additional amount
                promptly. If the audit indicates that Landlord owes Tenant
                money, Landlord shall promptly refund such amount to Tenant.

        The respective obligations of Landlord and Tenant under this paragraph
shall survive the expiration or other termination of the tern of this Lease, and
if the term hereof shall expire or shall otherwise terminate on a day other than
the last day of a calendar year, the actual Additional Rent incurred for the
calendar year in which the term hereof expires or otherwise terminates shall be
determined and settled on the basis of the statement of actual Additional Rent
for such calendar year and shall be prorated in the proportion which the number
of days in such calendar year preceding such expiration or termination bears to
365.

        E. PLACE OF PAYMENT OF RENT AND ADDITIONAL RENT. All Basic Rent
hereunder and all payments hereunder for Additional Rent shall be paid to
Landlord at the office of Landlord at 3201 Ash Street, Palo Alto, California
94306, or to such other person or to such other place as Landlord may from time
to time designate in writing.

        F. F. SECURITY DEPOSIT. (NONE)

5.      RULES AND REGULATIONS AND COMMON AREA Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Lease and such Rules and Regulations as Landlord may from
time to time prescribe, Tenant and Tenant's employees, invitees and customers
shall, in common with other occupants of the Complex in which the Premises are
located, and their respective employees, invitees and customers, and others
entitled to the use thereof, have the non-exclusive right to use the access
roads, parking areas, and facilities provided and designated by Landlord for the
general use and convenience of the occupants of the Complex in which the
Premises are located, which areas and facilities are referred to herein as
"Common Area". This right shall terminate upon the termination of this Lease.
Landlord reserves the right from time to time to make reasonable changes in the
shape, size, location, amount and extent of Common Area. All such changes shall
not unreasonably affect Tenant's access or use of the Premises and shall not
diminish Tenant's parking rights. Landlord further reserves the right to
promulgate such reasonable rules and regulations relating to the use of the
Common Area, and any part or parts thereof, as Landlord may deem appropriate for
the best interests of the occupants of the Complex. The Rules and Regulations
shall be binding upon Tenant upon delivery of a copy of them to Tenant, and
Tenant shall abide by them and cooperate in their observance. Such Rules and
Regulations may be reasonably amended by Landlord from time to time, with or
without advance notice, and all amendments shall be effective upon delivery of a
copy to Tenant. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for the
non-performance by any other tenant or occupant of the Complex of any of said
Rules and Regulations.

        Landlord shall operate, manage and maintain the Common Area. The Common
Area shall be maintained in a first class manner and the expenditures for such
maintenance shall be at the discretion of Landlord.

6       PARKING Landlord hereby acknowledges that Tenant shall have the right to
restripe the Complex parking lot at Tenant's own expense. Any restriping shall
be in compliance will all applicable codes and regulations and Landlord shall
cooperate with Tenant in this effort. Tenant shall have the right to use all
parking spaces in the common parking areas of the Complex. Tenant agrees that
Tenant, Tenant's employees, agents, representatives and/or invitees shall not
use parking spaces outside of the Complex parking allocated to Tenant hereunder.
Tenant shall not, at any time, park, or permit to be parked, any trucks or
vehicles adjacent to the loading areas so as to interfere in any way with the
use of such areas, nor shall Tenant at any time park, or permit the parking of
Tenant's trucks or other vehicles or the trucks and vehicles of


                                                                               5
<PAGE>   6

Tenant's suppliers or others, in any portion of the common area not designated
by Landlord for such use by Tenant. Tenant shall not park nor permit to be
parked, any inoperative vehicles or equipment on any portion of the common
parking area or other common areas of the Complex. Tenant agrees to assume
responsibility for compliance by its employees with the parking provision
contained herein. Tenant hereby authorizes Landlord at Tenant's sole expense to
tow away from the Complex any vehicle belonging to Tenant or Tenant's employees
parked in violation of these provisions, or to attach violation stickers or
notices to such vehicles. Tenant shall use the parking areas for vehicle parking
only, and shall not use the parking areas for storage.

7.      EXPENSES OF OPERATION, MANAGEMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF THE COMMON AREAS OF
THE COMPLEX, PREMISES AND BUILDING IN WHICH THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED As
Additional Rent and in accordance with Paragraph 4 D of this Lease, Tenant shall
pay to Landlord Tenant's proportionate share (calculated on a square footage or
other equitable basis as calculated by Landlord) of all expenses of operation,
management, maintenance and repair of the Common Areas of the Complex including,
but not limited to, license, permit and inspection fees; security; utility
charges associated with exterior landscaping and lighting (including water and
sewer charges); all charges incurred in the maintenance of landscaped areas,
lakes, parking lots, sidewalks, driveways; maintenance, repair and replacement
of all fixtures and electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems; structural
elements and exterior surfaces of the buildings; salaries and employee benefits
of personnel and payroll taxes applicable thereto; supplies, materials,
equipment and tools; the cost of capital expenditures which have the effect of
reducing operating expenses, provided, however, that in the event Landlord makes
such capital improvements, Landlord shall amortize its investment in said
improvements (together with interest at the rate of fifteen (15%) percent per
annum on the unamortized balance) as an operating expense in accordance with
standard accounting practices, provided, that such amortization is not at a rate
greater than the anticipated savings in the operating expenses.

Further, Landlord hereby represents and covenants that with respect to direct
maintenance of the Premises only WSJ's overhead shall be included in these costs
and no profit component is or will be built into the cost of the services or
materials provided by any of Landlord's subsidiaries or affiliates who are under
contract to provide services and materials to the Premises (including without
limitation WSJ Properties). Excluded as reimbursable costs from Tenant to
Landlord are the following:

        1.      any fines, costs, penalties or interest resulting from the
                negligence or willful misconduct of the Landlord or its agents,
                contractors, or employees;

        2.      any costs of any services sold or provided to tenants or other
                occupants for which Landlord or Managing Agent is entitled to be
                reimbursed by such tenants or other occupants;

        3.      acquisition costs for sculptures, paintings, or other objects of
                art; and

        4.      costs for which Landlord has been compensated by a management
                fee; for example, accounting costs necessary to operate the
                Complex and report its financial status to the Landlord.

        "Additional Rent" as used herein shall not include Landlord's debt
repayments; interest on charges; expenses directly or indirectly incurred by
Landlord for the benefit of any other tenant; cost for the installation of
partitioning or any other tenant improvements; cost of attracting tenants;
depreciation; interest, or executive salaries.

        Tenant agrees to contract and pay directly for five-day janitorial
service for the leased Premises and Landlord agrees to maintain the Complex in a
first-class manner.


                                                                               6
<PAGE>   7

8.      ACCEPTANCE AND SURRENDER OF PREMISES By entry hereunder, Tenant accepts
the Premises as being in good and sanitary order, condition and repair and
accepts the building and improvements included in the Premises in their present
condition and without representation or warranty by Landlord as to the condition
of such building or as to the use or occupancy which may be made thereof except
as otherwise provided herein. Any exceptions to the foregoing must be by written
agreement executed by Landlord and Tenant. Tenant agrees on the last day of the
Lease term, or on the sooner termination of this Lease, to surrender the
Premises promptly and peaceably to Landlord in good condition and repair (damage
by Acts of God, fire or normal wear and tear excepted), with all interior walls
painted, or cleaned so that they appear freshly painted, and repaired and
replaced, if damaged; all floors cleaned and waxed; all carpets cleaned and
shampooed; the air conditioning and heating equipment serviced by a reputable
and licensed service firm and in good operating condition (provided the
maintenance of such equipment has been Tenant's responsibility during the term
of this Lease) together with all alterations, additions and improvements which
may have been made in, to, or on the Premises (except movable trade fixtures
installed at the expense of Tenant) except that subject to Paragraph 9 of this
Lease, Landlord shall notify Tenant at the same time as Landlord provides its
consent to such alterations, additions, or improvements which exceed $15,000 in
construction costs, whether Landlord desires to have the Premises or any part or
parts thereof restored to their condition and configuration as the Premises
existed prior to such alteration, addition, or improvement and if Landlord shall
so desire, then Tenant shall restore said Premises or such part or parts thereof
before the end of this Lease at Tenant's sole cost and expense. In no event
shall Tenant be required to restore the cafeteria portion of the Premises to
office space or any other usage. Tenant, on or before the end of the term or
sooner termination of this Lease, shall remove all of Tenant's personal property
and trade fixtures from the Premises, and all property not so removed on or
before the end of the term or sooner termination of this Lease shall be deemed
abandoned by Tenant and title to same shall thereupon pass to Landlord without
compensation to Tenant. Landlord may, upon termination of this Lease, remove all
moveable furniture and equipment so abandoned by Tenant, at Tenant's sole cost,
and repair any damage caused by such removal at Tenant's sole cost. If the
Premises be not surrendered at the end of the term or sooner termination of this
Lease, Tenant shall indemnify Landlord against loss or liability resulting from
the delay by Tenant in so surrendering the Premises including, without
limitation, any claims made by any succeeding tenant founded on such delay.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as an extension of the term hereof
or as a consent of Landlord to any holding over by Tenant. The voluntary or
other surrender of this Lease or the Premises by Tenant or a mutual cancellation
of this Lease shall not work as a merger and, at the option of Landlord, shall
either terminate all or any existing subleases or subtenancies or operate as an
assignment to Landlord of all or any such subleases or subtenancies.

9.      ALTERATIONS AND ADDITIONS Tenant shall not make, or suffer to be made,
any alteration or addition to the Premises, or any part thereof, without the
written consent of Landlord first had and obtained by Tenant, but at the cost of
Tenant, and any addition to, or alteration of, the Premises, except moveable
furniture and trade fixtures, shall at once become a part of the Premises and
belong to Landlord. If Landlord consents to the making of any alteration,
addition, or improvement to or of the Premises by Tenant, the same shall be made
at Tenant's sole cost and expense. Subject to Paragraph 17 below, any
modifications to the building or building systems required by governmental code
or otherwise as a result of Tenant's alterations, additions or improvements
shall be made at Tenant's sole cost and expense. Tenant shall retain title to
all moveable furniture and trade fixtures placed in the Premises. All heating,
lighting, electrical, airconditioning, partitioning, drapery, carpeting and
floor installations made by Tenant, together with all property that has become
an integral part of the Premises, shall not be deemed trade fixtures. Tenant
agrees that it will not proceed to make any alterations or additions, without
having obtained consent from Landlord to do so, and until five (5) days from the
receipt of such consent, in order that Landlord may post appropriate notices to
avoid any liability to contractors or material suppliers for payment for
Tenant's improvements. Tenant will at all times permit such notices to be posted
and to remain posted until the completion of work. Tenant shall, if required by


                                                                               7
<PAGE>   8

        Landlord, secure at Tenant's own cost and expense, a completion and lien
        indemnity bond, reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, for such work in
        excess of $100,000. Tenant further covenants and agrees that any
        mechanic's liens filed against the Premises or against the Complex for
        work claimed to have been done for, or materials claimed to have been
        furnished to Tenant, will be discharged by Tenant, by bond or otherwise,
        within ten (10) days after the filing thereof, at the cost and expense
        of Tenant. Any exceptions to the foregoing must be made in writing and
        executed by both Landlord and Tenant.

Landlord shall lease the premises to Tenant in an "as-is" condition, and other
than Landlord's repair obligation per paragraph 47 and Landlord's code
compliance obligation per paragraph 17, all cost of construction including
demolition, architectural, drawings, permitting fees, etc, shall be paid by
Tenant. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Landlord agrees to
grant Tenant a $100,000 allowance, in the form of a credit against the first
month's Basic Rent, towards improvements Tenant may wish to make to the
Premises.

        Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon Landlord's
approval of Tenant's initial Tenant Improvements to be installed and paid for by
Tenant (except for the $100,000 allowance as described above), Tenant shall not
be required to restore the initial build-out to the configuration and condition
in existence as of the date Landlord first delivers possession of the Premises
to Tenant. Should Tenant elect to install a ceiling and lighting system that is
other than a standard 2 x 2 or 2 x 4 T-Bar grid and 2 x 2 or 2 x 4 drop-in
parabolic lens with fluorescent bulb fixtures Landlord may, in its sole
discretion determined at the time Landlord approves the plans, require
restoration to the existing ceiling system and similar light fixtures. If Tenant
makes no changes to the Premises at the outset and uses the Premises in an as-is
condition, and later makes substantial renovations or improvements, then, at
Landlord's option, any future restoration required shall be to the original
condition and configuration as first delivered to Tenant. At the time any
subsequent alterations are requested, Landlord shall notify Tenant of any
restoration requirements per this paragraph 9. Landlord shall not have the right
to approve or disapprove or to require restoration in the event any changes
subsequent to the initial build-out of any building meet the following criteria:

        1)      The total cost of construction is less than $15,000.

        2)      The changes do not in any way affect exiting or fire corridors,
                restrooms, building entrances, lobbies, building systems or
                structure. Landlord's granting approval to Tenant to make
                changes herein described without the obligation to restore is in
                reliance upon Tenant's making commercially reasonably
                alterations and Tenant agrees not to use this subparagraph to
                circumvent Landlord's right to require Tenant to restore the
                premises under paragraph 9.

        Tenant shall have the right to employ a general contractor of its
choosing for any modifications desired to be made to the Premises leased
hereunder. However, Tenant hereby agrees in the event Tenant elects to make
subsequent modifications to the Premises to consider the WSJ Properties
Construction Division a preferred vendor and Tenant hereby acknowledges that it
is Landlord's strong preference to have WSJ Properties Construction Division
perform any modifications to the Premises. Although Tenant shall consider WSJ
Properties Construction Division a preferred vendor, Tenant shall be under no
obligation to select WSJ Properties and Tenant further acknowledges WSJ is a
completely separate entity from Landlord and any disputes relating to
construction performed by WSJ for Tenant shall be resolved directly between WSJ
and Tenant.

10.     TENANT MAINTENANCE Tenant shall at its sole cost and expense, keep and
maintain the interior of the Premises (including appurtenances) and every part
thereof in a high standard of maintenance and repair, and in good and sanitary
condition. Tenant's maintenance and repair responsibilities herein referred to
include, but are not limited to, all windows, window frames, plate glass,
glazing, truck doors, plumbing systems (such as water and drain lines, sinks,
toilets, faucets, drains, showers and water fountains), electrical systems (such
as panels, conduits, outlets, lighting fixtures, lamps, bulbs, tubes, ballasts),
heating and air-conditioning systems (such as compressors, fans, air handlers,
ducts, mixing boxes, thermostats, time clocks, boilers, heaters, supply and
return grills), store fronts, roofs, downspouts, all interior improvements
within the Premises including but not limited to the kitchen and cafeteria and
all related equipment, wall coverings, window coverings, carpet, floor
coverings, partitioning, ceilings,


                                                                               8
<PAGE>   9

        doors (both interior and exterior, including closing mechanisms,
        latches, locks, skylights (if any), automatic fire extinguishing
        systems, and elevators and all other interior improvements of any nature
        whatsoever. Tenant agrees to provide carpet shields under all rolling
        chairs or to otherwise be responsible for wear and tear of the carpet
        caused by such rolling chairs if such wear and tear exceeds that caused
        by normal foot traffic in surrounding areas. Areas of excessive wear
        shall be replaced at Tenant's sole expense upon Lease termination.
        Tenant hereby waives all rights under, and benefits of, subsection 1 of
        Section 1932 and Section 1941 and 1942 of the California Civil Code and
        under any similar law, statute or ordinance now or hereafter in effect.

        Tenant specifically agrees to maintain the interior and exterior of the
        Premises, all mechanical equipment and plumbing and electrical systems
        in a first-class manner. Copies of all maintenance contracts entered
        into by Tenant shall be supplied to Landlord on a regular basis. In the
        event the Premises are damaged and Landlord has elected to rebuild the
        Premises, as set forth in paragraph 24 below, then Tenant shall be
        excused from maintaining the Premises during the period of rebuilding.

11.     UTILITIES OF THE BUILDING IN WHICH THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED

Tenant shall pay promptly, as the same become due, all charges for water, gas,
electricity, telephone, telex and other electronic communications service, sewer
service, waste pick-up and any other utilities, materials or services furnished
directly to or used by Tenant on or about the Premises during the term of this
Lease, including, without limitation, any temporary or permanent utility
surcharge or other exactions whether or not hereinafter imposed. Landlord shall
not be liable for and Tenant shall not be entitled to any abatement or reduction
of rent by reason of any interruption or failure of utility services to the
Premises when such interruption or failure is caused by accident, breakage,
repair, strikes, lockouts, or other labor disturbances or labor disputes of any
nature, or by any other cause, similar or dissimilar, beyond the reasonable
control of Landlord.

12.     TAXES A. As Additional Rent and in accordance with paragraph 4D of this
Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant's proportionate share of all Real
Property Taxes, which prorata share shall be allocated to the leased Premises by
square footage or other equitable basis, as calculated by Landlord. The term
"Real Property Taxes", as used herein, shall mean (i) all taxes, assessments,
levies and other charges of any kind or nature whatsoever, general and special,
foreseen and unforeseen (including all installments of principal and interest
required to pay any general or special assessments for public improvements and
any increases resulting from reassessments caused by any change in ownership of
the Complex) now or hereafter imposed by any governmental or quasi-governmental
authority or special district having the direct or indirect power to tax or levy
assessments, which are levied or assessed against, or with respect to the value,
occupancy or use of, all or any portion of the Complex (as now constructed or as
may at any time hereafter be constructed, altered, or otherwise changed) or
Landlord's interest therein; any improvements located within the Complex
(regardless of ownership); the fixtures, equipment and other property of
Landlord, real or personal, that are an integral part of and located in the
Complex; or parking areas, public utilities, or energy within the Complex; (ii)
all charges, levies or fees imposed by reason of environmental regulation or
other governmental control of the Complex; and (iii) all costs and fees
(including attorney's fees) incurred by Landlord in contesting any Real Property
Tax and in negotiating with public authorities as to any Real Property Tax. In
the event said contesting results in a refund of Real Property Taxes, Tenant
shall be credited with the appropriate proportionate share of said refund
reflecting Tenant's period of occupancy. If at any time during the term of this
Lease the taxation or assessment of the Complex prevailing as of the
commencement date of this Lease shall be altered so that in lieu of or in
addition to any Real Property Tax described above there shall be levied,
assessed or imposed (whether by reason of a change in the method of taxation or
assessment, creation of a new tax or charge, or any other cause) an alternate or
additional tax or charge (i) on the value, use or occupancy of the Complex or
Landlord's interest therein or (ii) on or measured by the gross receipts, income
or rentals from the Complex, on Landlord's business of leasing the Complex, or
computed in any manner with respect to the operation of the Complex, then any
such tax or charge, however designated, shall be included within the meaning of
the term "Real Property Taxes" for purposes of this Lease. If any Real Property
Tax is based upon property or rents unrelated to the Complex, then only that
part of such Real Property Tax that is


                                                                               9
<PAGE>   10

fairly allocable to the Complex shall be included within the meaning of the term
"Real Property Taxes". Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Real Property
Taxes" shall not include estate, inheritance, gift or franchise taxes of
Landlord or the federal or state net income tax imposed on Landlord's income
from all sources.

        B.      TAXES ON TENANT'S PROPERTY

(1) Tenant shall be liable for and shall pay ten days before delinquency, taxes
levied against any personal property or trade fixtures placed by Tenant in or
about the Premises. If any such taxes on Tenant's personal property or trade
fixtures are levied against Landlord or Landlord's property or if the assessed
value of the Premises is increased by the inclusion therein of a value placed
upon such personal property or trade fixtures of Tenant and if Landlord, after
written notice to Tenant, pays the taxes based on such increased assessment,
which Landlord shall have the right to do regardless of the validity thereof,
but only under proper protest if requested by Tenant, Tenant shall upon demand,
as the case may be, repay to Landlord the taxes so levied against Landlord, or
the proportion of such taxes resulting from such increase in the assessment;
provided that in any such event Tenant shall have the right, in the name of
Landlord and with Landlord's full cooperation, to bring suit in any court of
competent jurisdiction to recover the amount of any such taxes so paid under
protest, and any amount so recovered shall belong to Tenant.

(2) If the Tenant improvements in the Premises, whether installed, and/or paid
for by Landlord or Tenant and whether or not affixed to the real property so as
to become a part thereof; are assessed for Real Property Tax purposes at a
valuation higher than the valuation at which standard office improvements in
other space in the Complex are assessed, then the Real Property Taxes and
assessments levied against Landlord or the Complex by reason of such excess
assessed valuation shall be deemed to be taxes levied against personal property
of Tenant and shall be governed by the provisions of 12A(i), above. If the
records of the County Assessor are available and sufficient detailed to serve as
a basis for determining whether said Tenant improvements are assessed at a
higher valuation than standard office improvements in other space in the
Complex, such records shall be binding on both the Landlord and the Tenant. If
the records of the County Assessor are not available or sufficiently detailed to
serve as a basis for making said determination, the actual cost of construction
shall be used.

13.     LIABILITY INSURANCE Tenant, at Tenant's expense, agrees to keep in force
during the term of this Lease a policy of comprehensive public liability
insurance with limits in the amount of $1,000,000/1,000,000 for injuries to or
death of persons occurring in, on or about the Premises or the Complex, and
property damage insurance with limits of $500,000. The policy or policies
affecting such insurance, certificates of which shall be furnished to Landlord,
shall name Landlord as additional insured, and shall insure any liability of
Landlord, contingent or otherwise, as respects acts or omissions of Tenant, its
agents, employees or invitees or otherwise by any conduct or transactions of any
of said persons in or about or concerning the Premises, including any failure of
Tenant to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder; shall be issued
by an insurance company admitted to transact business in the State of
California; and shall provide that the insurance effected thereby shall not be
canceled, except upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Landlord. If,
during the term of this Lease, in the reasonable opinion of Landlord's Lender,
insurance advisor or counsel, the amount of insurance described in this
paragraph 13 is not adequate, Tenant agrees to increase said coverage to such
reasonable amount as Landlord's Lender, insurance advisor or counsel shall deem
adequate. Landlord shall carry a reasonable amount of liability insurance.

14.     TENANT'S PERSONAL PROPERTY INSURANCE AND WORKER'S COMPENSATION INSURANCE
Tenant shall maintain a policy or policies of fire and property damage insurance
in "all risk" form with a sprinkler leakage endorsement insuring the personal
property, inventory, trade fixtures and leasehold improvements within the leased
Premises for the full replacement value thereof. The proceeds from any of such
policies shall be used for the repair or replacement of such items so insured.

        Tenant shall also maintain a policy or policies of worker's compensation
insurance and any other employee benefit insurance sufficient to comply with all
laws.

15.     PROPERTY INSURANCE Landlord shall purchase and keep in force and, as
        Additional Rent and in accordance with Paragraph 4D of this Lease,
        Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant's proportionate share (calculated on
        a square footage or other equitable basis as calculated by Landlord) of
        the cost of policy or policies of insurance covering loss or damage to
        the Premises


                                                                              10
<PAGE>   11

        and Complex in the amount of the full replacement value thereof,
        providing protection against those perils included within the
        classification of "all risks" insurance and flood and/or earthquake
        insurance, if available, plus a liability policy and a policy of rental
        income insurance in the amount of one hundred (100%) percent of twelve
        (12) months Basic Rent, plus sums paid as Additional Rent. If such
        insurance cost is increased due to Tenant's use of the Premises or the
        Complex, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord the full cost of such
        increase. Tenant shall have no interest in nor any right to the proceeds
        of any insurance procured by Landlord for the Complex.

        Landlord and Tenant do each hereby respectively release the other, to
        the extent of insurance coverage of the releasing party, from any
        liability for loss or damage caused by fire or any of the extended
        coverage casualties included in the releasing party's insurance
        policies, irrespective of the cause of such fire or casualty; provided,
        however, that if the insurance policy of either releasing party
        prohibits such waiver, then this waiver shall not take effect until
        consent to such waiver is obtained. If such waiver is so prohibited, the
        insured party affected shall promptly notify the other party thereof.

16.     INDEMNIFICATION Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant and Tenant hereby
waives all claims against Landlord for any injury to or death of any person or
damage to or destruction of property in or about the Premises or the Complex by
or from any cause whatsoever, including, without limitation, gas, fire, oil,
electricity or leakage of any character from the roof, walls, basement or other
portion of the Premises or the Complex but excluding, however, the negligence or
willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents, servants, employees, invitees, or
contractors of which negligence Landlord has knowledge and reasonable time to
correct. The requirement of knowledge and reasonable time to correct shall not
apply to direct negligent acts by Landlord or Landlord's agents, servants,
employees, invitees, or contractors. Except as to injury to persons or damage to
property the principal cause of which is the negligence or willful misconduct of
Landlord, its agents, servants, employees, invitees, or contractors, Tenant
shall hold Landlord harmless from and defend Landlord against any and all
expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, in connection therewith, arising
out of any injury to or death of any person or damage to or destruction of
property occurring in, on or about the Premises, or any part thereof, from any
cause whatsoever.

17.     COMPLIANCE Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall promptly comply
with all laws, statutes, ordinances and governmental rules, regulations or
requirements now or hereafter in effect; with the requirements of any board of
fire underwriters or other similar body now or hereafter constituted; and with
any direction or occupancy certificate issued pursuant to law by any public
officer; provided, however, that no such failure shall be deemed a breach of
these provisions if Tenant, immediately upon notification, commences to remedy
or rectify said failure. The judgement of any court of competent jurisdiction or
the admission of Tenant in any action against Tenant, whether Landlord be a
party thereto or not, that Tenant has violated any such law, statute, ordinance
or governmental rule, regulation, requirement, direction or provision, shall be
conclusive of that fact as between Landlord and Tenant. This paragraph shall not
be interpreted as requiring Tenant to make structural changes or improvements,
except to the extent such changes or improvements are required as a result of
Tenant's use of the Premises. Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply
with any and all requirements pertaining to said Premises, of any insurance
organization or company, necessary for the maintenance of reasonable fire and
public liability insurance covering the Premises.

        With respect to all applicable local, state and federal regulations and
codes including without limitation the Americans with Disabilities Act and Title
XXIV of the California Energy Code, as of the commencement of the lease term
for the Premises, Landlord at Landlord's sole cost and expense shall make all
modifications to the exterior of the Premises such as parking lots, stairways,
walkways, etc. to bring the exterior of the Premises leased hereunder into
compliance. Commencing as of the date Landlord offers possession of the Premises
to Tenant, Landlord shall at Landlord's sole cost and expense make any
governmentally required modifications to the restrooms to bring them into
compliance with all applicable codes. Landlord's compliance obligations with
respect to the restrooms set forth in this paragraph 17 shall also include
replacing fixtures and finishes as necessary. Landlord's sole obligation with
respect to compliance is therefore limited to any governmentally required
modifications to the Bathrooms within the Premises and any governmentally
required modifications to the exterior. All other costs and obligations


                                                                              11
<PAGE>   12

with respect to compliance shall rest solely with Tenant. All such interior
modifications shall be completed diligently prior to the Lease Commencement Date
referenced in Paragraph 2A above. All exterior modifications to be made by
Landlord shall be diligently constructed to completion.

18.     LIENS Tenant shall keep the Premises and the Complex free from any liens
arising out of any work performed, materials furnished or obligation incurred by
Tenant. In the event that Tenant shall not, within ten (10) days following the
imposition of such lien, cause the same to be released of record, Landlord shall
have, in addition to all other remedies provided herein and by law, the right,
but no obligation, to cause the same to be released by such means as it shall
deem proper, including payment of the claim giving rise to such lien. All sums
paid by Landlord for such purpose, and all expenses incurred by it in connection
therewith, shall be payable to Landlord by Tenant on demand with interest at the
prime rate of interest as quoted by the Bank of America.

19.     ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING Tenant shall not assign, transfer or
hypothecate the leasehold estate under this Lease, or any interest therein, and
shall not sublet the Premises, or any part thereof, or any right or privilege
appurtenant thereto, or suffer any other person or entity to occupy or use the
Premises, or any portion thereof, without, in each case, the prior written
consent of Landlord which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant
agrees to pay to Landlord, as additional rent, 50% of all rents (after Tenant
deducts all costs of subleasing) or additional consideration received by Tenant
from its assignees, transferees or subtenants excluding the permitted assignees
described in the last sentence of this paragraph in excess of the rent payable
by Tenant to Landlord hereunder. Tenant shall, by thirty (30) days' written
notice, advise Landlord of its intent to assign or transfer Tenant's interest in
the Lease or sublet the Premises or any portion thereof for any part of the term
hereof. In the event Tenant is allowed to assign, transfer or sublet the whole
or any part of the Premises, with the prior written consent of Landlord, no
assignee, transferee or subtenant shall assign or transfer this Lease, either in
whole or in part, or sublet the whole or any part of the Premises, without also
having obtained the prior written consent of Landlord. A consent of Landlord to
one assignment, transfer, hypothecation, subletting, occupation or use by any
other person shall not release Tenant from any of Tenant's obligations hereunder
or be deemed to be a consent to any subsequent similar or dissimilar assignment,
transfer, hypothecation, subletting, occupation or use by any other person. Any
such assignment, transfer, hypothecation, subletting, occupation or use without
such consent shall be void and shall constitute a breach of this Lease by Tenant
and shall, at the option of Landlord exercised by written notice to Tenant,
terminate this Lease. The leasehold estate under this Lease shall not, nor shall
any interest therein, be assignable for any purpose by operation of law without
the written consent of Landlord. As a condition to its consent, Landlord may
require Tenant to pay all reasonable expenses in connection with the assignment,
and Landlord may require Tenant's assignee or transferee (or other assignees or
transferees) to assume in writing all of the obligations under this Lease and
for Tenant to remain liable to Landlord under the Lease. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, without the prior consent of Landlord, Tenant shall have the right
(i) to assign this Lease to an affiliate or subsidiary of Tenant or (ii) to
merge with another corporation or entity or (iii) to enter into an acquisition
of another corporation or be acquired by another corporation, in each case
provided that Landlord is promptly provided with notice thereof and Tenant
remains fully liable for the full performance of Tenant's obligation under the
Lease; provided, however, that in the event Tenant merges into another entity or
is wholly acquired by another entity (in each case, the "Successor Entity"), and
provided Tenant ceases to exist and the Successor Entity is at least as well
capitalized as Tenant and has at least the same overall financial wherewithal as
Tenant had prior to such merger or acquisition, it shall be the Successor Entity
(not Tenant) who shall be fully liable hereunder as the successor tenant.

20.     SUBORDINATION AND MORTGAGES In the event Landlord's title or leasehold
interest is now or hereafter encumbered by a deed of trust, upon the interest of
Landlord in the land and buildings in which the demised Premises are located, to
secure a loan from a lender (hereinafter referred to as "Lender") to Landlord,
Tenant shall, at the request of Landlord or Lender, execute in writing an
agreement subordinating its rights under this Lease to the lien of such deed of
trust, or, if so requested, agreeing that the lien of Lender's deed of trust
shall be or remain subject and subordinate to the rights of Tenant under this
Lease. Tenant hereby irrevocably appoints Landlord the attorney in fact of
Tenant to execute, deliver and record any such instrument or instruments for and
in the name and on behalf of Tenant. Notwithstanding any such subordination,
Tenant's possession under this Lease shall not be disturbed if


                                                                              12
<PAGE>   13

Tenant is not in default and so long as Tenant shall pay all rent and observe
and perform all of the provisions set forth in this Lease and any such
subordination agreement shall so reflect. Tenant agrees to send to any
mortgagees and/or deed of trust holders, by registered mail, a copy of any
notice of default served by Tenant upon the Landlord, provided that prior to
such notice, Tenant has been notified, in writing (by way of notice of
assignment of rents or otherwise) of the addresses of such mortgages and/or deed
of trust holders. Tenant further agrees that if Landlord shall have failed to
cure such default within the time provided for in this Lease, any such
mortgagees and/or deed of trust holders shall have an additional thirty (30)
days within which to cure such default, or if such default is not reasonably
susceptible of cure within that time, then such additional time as may be
reasonably necessary if within such (30) days, any mortgagee and/or deed of
trust holder has commenced and is diligently pursuing the remedies necessary to
cure such default, (including but not limited to commencement of foreclosure
proceedings), in which event this Lease shall not be terminated when such
remedies are being diligently pursued. Landlord further represents that there
are no outstanding loans on the Premises leased hereunder. In the event Landlord
borrows in the future and uses the Premises leased hereunder as security,
Landlord shall so notify Tenant.

21.     ENTRY BY LANDLORD Landlord reserves, and shall during normal business
hours have, the right to enter the Premises to inspect them; to perform any
services to be provided by Landlord hereunder; to submit the Premises to
prospective purchasers, mortgagers or tenants; to post notices of
nonresponsibility; and to alter, improve or repair the Premises and any portion
of the Complex, all without abatement of rent; and may erect scaffolding and
other necessary structures in or through the Premises where reasonably required
by the character of the work to be performed; provided, however, that the
business of Tenant shall be interfered with to the least extent that is
reasonably practical. For each of the foregoing purposes, Landlord shall at all
times have and retain a key with which to unlock all of the doors in an
emergency in order to obtain entry to the Premises, and any entry to the
Premises obtained by Landlord by any of said means, or otherwise, shall not
under any circumstances be construed or deemed to be a forcible or unlawful
entry into or a detainer of the Premises or an eviction, actual or constructive,
of Tenant from the Premises or any portion thereof. Landlord shall also have the
right at any time to change the arrangement or location of entrances or
passageways, doors and doorways, and corridors, elevators, stairs, toilets or
other public parts of the Complex and to change the name, number or designation
by which the Complex is commonly known, and none of the foregoing shall be
deemed an actual or constructive eviction of Tenant, or shall entitle Tenant to
any reduction of rent hereunder, and no such changes shall unreasonably
interfere with Tenant's use of or access to the building leased hereunder.

22.     BANKRUPTCY AND DEFAULT The commencement of a bankruptcy action or
liquidation action or reorganization action or insolvency action or an
assignment of or by Tenant for the benefit of creditors, or any similar action
undertaken by Tenant, or the insolvency of Tenant, shall, at Landlord's option,
constitute a breach of this Lease by Tenant. If the trustee or receiver
appointed to serve during a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, insolvency
or similar action elects to reject Tenant's unexpired Lease, the trustee or
receiver shall notify Landlord in writing of its election within thirty (30)
days after an order for relief in a liquidation action or within thirty (30)
days after the commencement of any action.

        Within thirty (30) days after court approval of the assumption of this
Lease, the trustee or receiver shall cure (or provide adequate assurance to the
reasonable satisfaction of Landlord that the trustee or receiver shall cure) any
and all previous defaults under the unexpired Lease and shall compensate
Landlord for all actual pecuniary loss and shall provide adequate assurance of
future performance under said Lease to the reasonable satisfaction of Landlord.
Adequate assurance of future performance, as used herein, includes, but shall
not be limited to: (i) assurance of source and payment of rent, and other
consideration due under this Lease; (ii) assurance that the assumption or
assignment of this Lease will not breach substantially any provision, such as
radius, location, use, or exclusivity provision, in any agreement relating to
the above described Premises.

        Nothing contained in this section shall affect the existing right of
Landlord to refuse to accept an assignment upon commencement of or in connection
with a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency action or an
assignment of Tenant for the benefit of creditors or other similar act. Nothing
contained in this Lease shall be construed as giving or granting or creating an
equity in the demised Premises to Tenant. In no event shall the leasehold estate
under this Lease, or any interest therein, be


                                                                              13
<PAGE>   14

assigned by voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding without the prior
written consent of Landlord. In no event shall this Lease or any rights or
privileges hereunder be an asset of Tenant under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization proceedings.

        The failure to perform or honor any covenant, condition or
representation made under this Lease shall constitute a default hereunder by
Tenant upon expiration of the appropriate grace period hereinafter provided.
Tenant shall have a period of five (5) days from the date of written notice from
Landlord within which to cure any default in the payment of rental or
adjustments thereto. Tenant shall have a period of twenty (20) days from the
date of written notice from Landlord within which to commence to cure any other
default under this Lease and Tenant shall diligently prosecute the cure to
completion. Upon an uncured default of this Lease by Tenant, Landlord shall have
the following rights and remedies in addition to any other rights or remedies
available to Landlord at law or in equity:

        (a) The rights and remedies provided for by California Civil Code
Section 1951.2, including but not limited to, recovery of the worth at the time
of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term
after the time of award exceeds the amount of rental loss for the same period
that Tenant proves could be reasonably avoided, as computed pursuant to
subsection (b) of said Section 1951.2. Any proof by Tenant under subparagraphs
(2) and (3) of Section 1951.2 of the California Civil Code of the amount of
rental loss that could be reasonably avoided shall be made in the following
manner: Landlord and Tenant shall each select a licensed real estate broker in
the business of renting property of the same type and use as the Premises and in
the same geographic vicinity. Such two real estate brokers shall select a third
licensed real estate broker, and the three licensed real estate brokers so
selected shall determine the amount of the rental loss that could be reasonably
avoided from the balance of the term of this Lease after the time of award. The
decision of the majority of said licensed real estate brokers shall be final and
binding upon the parties hereto.

        (b) The rights and remedies provided by California Civil Code which
allows Landlord to continue the Lease in effect and to enforce all of its rights
and remedies under this Lease, including the right to recover rent as it becomes
due, for so long as Landlord does not terminate Tenant's right to possession;
acts of maintenance or preservation, efforts to relet the Premises, or the
appointment of a receiver upon Landlord's initiative to protect its interest
under this Lease shall not constitute a termination of Tenant's right to
possession.

        (c) The right to terminate this Lease by giving notice to Tenant in
accordance with applicable law.

        (d) The right and power, as attorney-in-fact for Tenant, to enter the
Premises and remove therefrom all persons and property, to store such property
in a public warehouse or elsewhere at the cost of and for the account of Tenant
and to sell such property and apply such proceeds therefrom pursuant to
applicable California law. Landlord, as attorney-in-fact for Tenant, may from
time to time sublet the Premises or any part thereof for such term or terms
(which may extend beyond the term of this Lease) and at such rent and such other
terms as Landlord in its sole discretion may deem advisable, with the right to
make alterations and repairs to the Premises. Upon each subletting, (i) Tenant
shall be immediately liable to pay Landlord, in addition to indebtedness other
than rent due hereunder, the cost of such subletting, including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorney's fees, and any real estate commissions actually paid,
and the cost of such alterations and repairs incurred by Landlord and the
amount, if any, by which the rent hereunder for the period of such subletting
(to the extent such period does not exceed the term hereof) exceeds the amount
to be paid as rent for the Premises for such period or (ii) at the option of
Landlord, rents received from such subletting shall be applied first to payment
of indebtedness other than rent due hereunder from Tenant to Landlord; second,
to the payment of any costs of such subletting and of such alterations and
repairs; third to payment of rent due and unpaid hereunder; and the residue, if
any, shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment of future rent as the same
becomes due hereunder. If Tenant has been credited with any rent to be received
by such subletting under option (i) and such rent shall not be promptly paid to
Landlord by the subtenant(s), or if such rentals received from such subletting
under option (ii) during any month be less than that to be paid during that
month by Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall pay any such deficiency to Landlord.
Such deficiency shall be calculated and paid monthly. For all purposes set forth
in this subparagraph (d), Landlord is hereby irrevocably appointed
attorney-in-fact for Tenant, with power of substitution. No taking possession of
the Premises by Landlord, as attorney-in-fact for Tenant, shall be construed as
an election on its part to terminate this Lease unless a written notice of such
intention be given to Tenant. Notwithstanding any such subletting without
termination, Landlord may at any time hereafter elect to terminate this Lease
for such previous breach.


                                                                              14
<PAGE>   15

        (e) The right to have a receiver appointed for Tenant upon application
by Landlord, to take possession of the Premises and to apply any rental
collected from the Premises and to exercise all other rights and remedies
granted to Landlord as attorney-in-fact for Tenant pursuant to subparagraph (d)
above.

23.     ABANDONMENT Tenant shall not vacate or abandon the Premises at any time
during the term of this Lease; and if Tenant shall abandon, vacate or surrender
said Premises, or be dispossessed by the process of law, or otherwise, any
personal property belonging to Tenant and left on the Premises shall be deemed
to be abandoned, at the option of Landlord, except such property as may be
mortgaged to Landlord.

24.     DESTRUCTION

        In the event the Premises are damaged or destroyed in whole or in part
from any cause, Landlord shall, within fifteen (15) days of the event of such
damage or destruction, notify Tenant in writing as to the approximate length of
time necessary for Landlord to reconstruct the Premises to substantially its
former condition. If such estimate exceeds one hundred eighty (180) days from
the date of damage or destruction, Tenant shall have the option, within ten (10)
days of receipt of Landlord's notice, to terminate this Lease. If Tenant does
not exercise its option to terminate, or if Tenant is not entitled to terminate
under this paragraph, Landlord shall promptly, at its sole expense, rebuild or
restore the Premises to substantially the condition existing prior to the date
of damage or destruction. Tenant shall be entitled to a reduction in rent while
such repair is being made in the proportion that the area of the Premises
rendered untenantable by such damage bears to the total area of the Premises. If
Landlord does not complete the rebuilding or restoration within one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date of destruction (such period of time to be
extended for delays caused by the fault or neglect of Tenant or because of Acts
of God, acts of public agencies, labor disputes, strikes, fires, freight
embargoes, rainy or stormy weather, inability to obtain materials, supplies or
fuels), then Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by giving
fifteen (15) days prior written notice to Landlord. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, Landlord's obligation to rebuild or restore shall be
limited to the building and interior improvements constructed by Landlord as
they existed as of the commencement date of the Lease and the initial Tenant
Improvements installed at the commencement of the term, but shall not include
restoration of Tenant's trade fixtures, equipment, merchandise or any subsequent
improvements, alterations or additions made by Tenant to the Premises, which
Tenant shall forthwith replace or fully repair at Tenant's sole cost and expense
provided this Lease is not canceled according to the provisions above. Unless
this Lease is terminated pursuant to the foregoing provisions, this Lease shall
remain in full force and erect. Tenant hereby expressly waives the provisions of
Section 1932, Subdivision 2, and Section 1933, Subdivision 4 of the California
Civil Code.

        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, in the event
the damage or destruction of the Premises (i) occurs during the last two years
of the term (unless any applicable extension option has been exercised) and (ii)
has rendered at least 33% of the Premises unusable by Tenant, Landlord shall
have the option during the aforementioned fifteen (15) day period to elect not
to rebuild the Premises by so notifying Tenant or to elect to terminate this
Lease by so notifying Tenant.

25.     EMINENT DOMAIN If all or any part of the Premises shall be taken by any
public or quasi-public authority under the power of eminent domain or conveyance
in lieu thereof, this Lease shall terminate as to any portion of the Premises so
taken or conveyed on the date when title vests in the condemnor, and Landlord
shall be entitled to any and all payment, income, rent, award or any interest
therein whatsoever which may be paid or made in connection with such taking or
conveyance, and Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord or otherwise for the
value of any unexpired term of this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing
paragraph, any compensation specifically awarded Tenant for loss of business,
Tenant's personal property, moving cost or loss of goodwill, shall be and remain
the property of Tenant.


                                                                              15
<PAGE>   16

        If (i) any action or proceeding is commenced for such taking of the
Premises or any part thereof, or if Landlord is advised in writing by any entity
or body having the right or power of condemnation of its intention to condemn
the Premises or any portion thereof, or (ii) any of the foregoing events occur
with respect to the taking of any space in the Complex not leased hereby, or if
any such space is so taken or conveyed in lieu of such taking and Landlord shall
decide to discontinue the use and operation of the Complex, or decide to
demolish, alter or rebuild the Complex, then in any of such events Landlord
shall have the right to terminate this Lease by giving Tenant written notice
thereof within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of said written advice, or
commencement of said action or proceeding, or taking or conveyance, which
termination shall take place as of the first to occur of the last day of the
calendar month next following the month in which such notice is given or the
date on which title to the Premises shall vest in the condemnor.

        In the event of such a partial taking or conveyance of the Premises, if
the portion of the Premises taken or conveyed is so substantial that the Tenant
can no longer reasonably conduct its business, Tenant shall have the privilege
of terminating this Lease within sixty (60) days from the date of such taking or
conveyance, upon written notice to Landlord of its intention so to do, and upon
giving of such notice this Lease shall terminate on the last day of the calendar
month next following the month in which such notice is given, upon payment by
Tenant of the rent from the date of such taking or conveyance to the date of
termination.

        If a portion of the Premises be taken by condemnation or conveyance in
lieu thereof and neither Landlord nor Tenant shall terminate this Lease as
provided herein, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect as to the
part of the Premises not so taken or conveyed, and the rent herein shall be
apportioned as of the date of such taking or conveyance so that thereafter the
rent to be paid by Tenant shall be in the ratio that the area of the portion of
the Premises not so taken or conveyed bears to the total area of the Premises
prior to such taking.

26.     SALE OR CONVEYANCE BY LANDLORD In the event of a sale or conveyance of
the Complex or any interest therein, by any owner of the reversion then
constituting Landlord, the transferor shall thereby be released from any
liability thereafter arising upon any of the terms, covenants or conditions
(express or implied) herein contained in favor of Tenant, and in such event,
insofar as such transfer is concerned, Tenant agrees to look solely to the
responsibility of the successor in interest of such transferor in and to the
Complex and this Lease. This Lease shall not be affected by any such sale or
conveyance, and Tenant agrees to attorn to the successor in interest of such
transferor.

27.     ATTORNMENT TO LENDER OR THIRD PARTY In the event the interest of
Landlord in the land and buildings in which the leased Premises are located
(whether such interest of Landlord is a fee title interest or a leasehold
interest) is encumbered by deed of trust, and such interest is acquired by the
lender or any third party through judicial foreclosure or by exercise of a power
of sale at private trustee's foreclosure sale, Tenant hereby agrees to attorn to
the purchaser at any such foreclosure sale and to recognize such purchaser as
the Landlord under this Lease. In the event the lien of the deed of trust
securing the loan from a Lender to Landlord is prior and paramount to the lease,
this Lease shall nonetheless continue in full force and effect for the remainder
of the unexpired term hereof, at the same rental herein reserved and upon all
the other terms, conditions and covenants herein contained.

28.     HOLDING OVER Any holding over by Tenant after expiration or other
termination of the term of this Lease with the written consent of Landlord
delivered to Tenant shall not constitute a renewal or extension of the Lease or
give Tenant any rights in or to the leased Premises except as expressly provided
in this Lease. Any holding over after the expiration or other termination of the
term of this lease, with the consent of Landlord, shall be construed to be a
tenancy from month to month, on the same terms and conditions herein specified
insofar as applicable except that the monthly Basic Rent shall be increased to
an amount equal to one hundred twenty-five (125%) percent of the monthly Basic
Rent required during the last month of the Lease term. Tenant shall have the
right, upon one year's prior written notice to Landlord, to extend the lease
termination date for this Lease up to 6 months beyond the lease expiration date
provided. The Basic Rent during this extended period shall be 125% of the
monthly Basic Rent then in effect for the month immediately prior to the Lease
expiration.


                                                                              16
<PAGE>   17

29.     CERTIFICATE OF ESTOPPEL Tenant shall at any time upon not less than ten
(10) days' prior written notice from Landlord execute, acknowledge and deliver
to Landlord a statement in writing (i) certifying that this Lease is unmodified
and in full force and effect (or, if modified, stating the nature of such
modification and certifying that this Lease, as so modified, is in full force
and effect) and the date to which the rent and other charges are paid in
advance, if any, and (ii) acknowledging that there are not, to Tenant's
knowledge, any uncured defaults on the part of Landlord hereunder, or specifying
such defaults, if any, are claimed. Any such statement may be conclusively
relied upon by any prospective purchaser or encumbrancer of the Premises.
Tenant's failure to deliver such statement within such time shall be conclusive
upon Tenant that this Lease is in full force and effect, without modifications
except as may be represented by Landlord; that there are no uncured defaults in
Landlord's performance, and that not more than one month's rent has been paid in
advance. If requested by Tenant, Landlord shall issue Tenant a certificate of
Estoppel stating whether or not Tenant is in compliance with the Lease and is
current on rental payments.

30.     CONSTRUCTION CHANGES Landlord does not guarantee the accuracy of any
drawings supplied to Tenant and verification of the accuracy of such drawings
rests with Tenant.

31.     RIGHT OF LANDLORD TO PERFORM All terms, covenants and conditions of this
Lease to be performed or observed by Tenant shall be performed or observed by
Tenant at Tenant's sole cost and expense and without any reduction of rent. If
Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of money, or other rent, required to be paid by
it hereunder or shall fail to perform any other term or covenant hereunder on
its part to be performed, and such failure shall continue for five (5) days
after written notice thereof by Landlord, Landlord, without waiving or releasing
Tenant from any obligation of Tenant hereunder, may, but shall not be obligated
to, make any such payment or perform any such other term or covenant on Tenant's
part to be performed. All sums so paid by Landlord and all necessary costs of
such performance by Landlord together with interest thereon at the rate of the
prime rate of interest per annum as quoted by the Bank of America from the date
of such payment of performance by Landlord, shall be paid (and Tenant covenants
to make such payment) to Landlord on demand by Landlord, and Landlord shall have
(in addition to any other right or remedy of Landlord) the same rights and
remedies in the event of non-payment by Tenant as in the case of failure by
Tenant in the payment of rent hereunder.

32.     ATTORNEYS FEES

        (A) In the event that Landlord should bring suit for the possession of
the Premises, for the recovery of any sum due under this Lease, or because of
the breach of any provision of this Lease, or for any other relief against
Tenant hereunder, or in the event that Tenant should bring suit against Landlord
for the recovery of any sums due hereunder or because of the breach of any
provision of this Lease or for any other relief against Landlord hereunder, then
all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the
prevailing party therein shall be paid by the other party, which obligation on
the part of the other party shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the
commencement of such action and shall be enforceable whether or not the action
is prosecuted to judgement.

        (B) Should Landlord be named as a defendant in any suit brought against
Tenant in connection with or arising out of Tenant's occupancy hereunder, Tenant
shall pay to Landlord its costs and expenses incurred in such suit, including a
reasonable attorney's fee, except to the extent Landlord's cost and expense were
caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents or
employees.

33.     WAIVER The waiver by either party of the other party's failure to
perform or observe any term, covenant or condition herein contained to be
performed or observed by such waiving party shall not be deemed to be a waiver
of such term, covenant or condition or of any subsequent failure of the party
failing to perform or observe the same or any other such term, covenant or
condition therein contained, and no custom or practice which may develop between
the parties hereto during the term hereof shall be deemed a waiver of, or in any
way affect, the right of either party to insist upon performance and observance
by the other party in strict accordance with the terms hereof.


                                                                              17
<PAGE>   18

34.     NOTICES All notices, demands, requests, advices or designations which
may be or are required to be given by either party to the other hereunder shall
be in writing. All notices, demands, requests, advices or designations by
Landlord to Tenant shall be sufficiently given, made or delivered if personally
served on Tenant or if sent by United States certified or registered mail,
postage prepaid, addressed to Tenant at Intuit Inc., 2535 Garcia Avenue,
Mountain View, California 94043, Attn: General Counsel. All notices, demands,
requests, advices or designations by Tenant to Landlord shall be sent by United
States certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed to Landlord at
its offices at 3201 Ash Street, Palo Alto, CA 94306.

Each notice, request, demand advice or designation referred to in this paragraph
shall be deemed received on the date of the personal service or mailing thereof
in the manner herein provided, as the case may be.

35.     EXAMINATION OF LEASE Submission of this instrument for examination or
signature by Tenant does not constitute a reservation of or option for a lease,
and this instrument is not effective as a lease or otherwise until its execution
and delivery by both Landlord and Tenant. Landlord and Tenant mutually intend
that neither shall have any binding contractual obligations to the other with
respect to the matters referred to herein unless and until this instrument has
been fully executed by both parties.

36.     DEFAULT BY LANDLORD Landlord shall not be in default unless Landlord
fails to perform obligations required of Landlord within a reasonable time, but
in no event earlier than thirty (30) days after written notice by Tenant to
Landlord and to the holder of any first mortgage or deed of trust covering the
Premises whose name and address shall have heretofore been furnished to Tenant
in writing, specifying wherein Landlord has failed to perform such obligations;
provided, however, that if the nature of Landlord's obligations is such than
more than thirty (30) days are required for performance, then Landlord shall not
be in default if Landlord commences performance within such thirty (30) day
period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above in this paragraph 36,
Landlord and Tenant agree that under certain "emergency circumstances", Tenant
shall have the right to perform obligations otherwise required of Landlord
without the necessity of providing Landlord (and any mortgagee) with such thirty
(30) day notice and opportunity to cure. Under such "emergency circumstances",
Tenant shall use its good faith reasonable judgement in determining a shorter
notice period for response by Landlord or determining that the matter at hand
must be resolved immediately such that notice can only be given after the fact.
For the purposes hereof, "emergency circumstances" shall mean (i) any hazardous
situation that poses a threat of damage, destruction or injury to any person or
property of a material nature or otherwise threatens the safety of employees
and/or visitors to the Premises or (ii) any other circumstance that involves a
substantial interference with the operations of Tenant's business enterprise in
the Premises, including without limitation the launching of new software
products or revisions thereto (especially to correct existing problems which
must be addressed immediately) to enable customers to perform needed financial
and tax-related functions, which is of special concern during the months
preceding April 15th of each calendar year.

37.     CORPORATE AUTHORITY

        If Tenant is a corporation (or a partnership) each individual executing
this Lease on behalf of said corporation (or partnership) represents and
warrants that he is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on behalf
of said corporation (or partnership) in accordance with the by-laws of said
corporation (or partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement) and
that this Lease is binding upon said corporation (or partnership) in accordance
with its terms. If Tenant is a corporation, Tenant shall, within thirty (30)
days of written request by Landlord after execution of this Lease, deliver to
Landlord a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of said
corporation authorizing or ratifying the execution of this Lease.

38.     BASIC RENT ADJUSTMENT (deleted)


                                                                              18
<PAGE>   19

39.     LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In consideration of the benefits accruing
        hereunder, Tenant and all successors and assigns covenant and agree
        that, in the event of any actual or alleged failure, breach or default
        hereunder by Landlord:

        (i)     the sole and exclusive remedy shall be against Landlord and
                Landlord's assets;

        (ii)    no partner of Landlord shall be sued or named as a party in any
                suit or action (except as may be necessary to secure
                jurisdiction of the partnership)

        (iii)   no service of process shall be made against any partner of
                Landlord (except as may be necessary to secure jurisdiction of
                the partnership)

        (iv)    no partner of Landlord shall be required to answer or otherwise
                plead to any service of process;

        (v)     no judgement shall be taken against any partner of Landlord;

        (vi)    any judgement taken against any partner of Landlord may be
                vacated and set aside at any time without hearing;

        (vii)   no writ of execution will ever be levied against the assets of
                any partner of Landlord;

        (viii)  these covenants and agreements are enforceable both by Landlord
                and also by any partner of Landlord.

        (ix)    The term, "Landlord", as used in this section, shall mean only
                the owner or owners from time to time of the fee title or the
                tenant's interest under a ground lease of the land described in
                Exhibit "B", and in the event of any transfer of such title or
                interest, Landlord herein named (and in case of any subsequent
                transfers the then grantor) shall be relieved from and after the
                date of such transfer of all liability as respects Landlord's
                obligations thereafter to be performed, provided that any funds
                in the hands of Landlord or the then grantor at the time of such
                transfer, in which Tenant has an interest, shall be delivered to
                the grantee. Similarly, the obligations contained in this Lease
                to be performed by Landlord shall be binding on Landlord's
                successors and assigns only during their respective periods of
                ownership. Tenant agrees that each of the foregoing covenants
                and agreements shall be applicable to any covenant or agreement
                either expressly contained in this Lease or imposed by statute
                or at common law.

40.     BROKERS Tenant warrants that it had dealing with only the following real
estate brokers or agents in connection with the negotiation of this Lease: NONE
and that it knows of no other real estate broker or agent who is entitled to a
commission in connection with this Lease.

41.     SIGNS No sign, placard, picture, advertisement, name or notice shall be
inscribed, displayed, printed or affixed on or to any part of the outside of the
Premises or any exterior windows of the Premises without the written consent of
Landlord first had and obtained and Landlord shall have the right to remove any
such sign, placard, picture, advertisement, name or notice without notice to and
at the expense of Tenant. If Tenant is allowed to print or affix or in any way
place a sign in, on, or about the Premises, then upon expiration or other sooner
termination of this Lease, Tenant at Tenant's sole cost and expense shall both
remove such sign and repair all damage in such manner as to restore all aspects
of the appearance of the Premises to the condition prior to the placement of
said sign.

        All approved signs or lettering on outside doors shall be printed,
painted, affixed or inscribed at the expense of Tenant by a person approved of
by Landlord. Tenant shall not place anything or allow anything to be placed near
the glass of any window, door partition or wall which may appear unsightly from
outside the Premises.

        Subject to the approval of the City of Mountain View and Landlord, whose
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, Tenant, at Tenant's sole
cost and expense, shall have the right to install (i) a monument sign located at
the main driveway entrance to the Complex; (ii) suitable building signage
adjacent to the Premises and (iii) suitable directional signage in the common
areas and within the Premises leased hereunder. At Tenant's request, Landlord
shall promptly remove all prior tenant signage from the Premises and any common
areas adjacent thereto and said removal shall not be at Tenant's expense.



                                                                              19
<PAGE>   20

42.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In the event Tenant tenders to Landlord any
information on the financial stability, credit worthiness or ability of the
Tenant to pay the rent due and owing under the Lease, then Landlord shall be
entitled to rely upon the information provided in determining whether or not to
enter into this Lease Agreement with Tenant and Tenant hereby represents and
warrants to Landlord the following: (i) That all documents provided by Tenant to
Landlord are true and correct copies of the original; and (ii) Tenant has not
withheld any information from Landlord which is material to Tenant's credit
worthiness, financial condition or ability to pay the rent; and (iii) all
information supplied by Tenant to Landlord is true, correct and accurate in
every material aspect; and (iv) no part of the information supplied by Tenant to
Landlord contains misleading or fraudulent statements as to any material matter.

        A default under this paragraph shall be a non-curable default on behalf
of Tenant and Landlord shall be entitled to pursue any right or remedy available
to Landlord under the terms of this Lease or available to Landlord under the
laws of the State of California.

43.     HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

        A. As used herein, the term "Hazardous Material" shall mean any
substance or material which has been determined by any state, federal or local
governmental authority to be capable of posing a risk of injury to health,
safety or property including all of those materials and substances designated or
defined as "hazardous" or "toxic" by (i) the Environmental Protection Agency,
the California Water Quality Control Board, the Department of Labor, the
California Department of Industrial Relations, the Department of Transportation,
the Department of Agriculture, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the
Department of Health and Human Services, the Food and Drug Agency or any other
governmental agency now or hereafter authorized to regulate materials and
substances in the environment, or by (ii) the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as
amended; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. 1801, et seq., as
amended; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq., as
amended; the Hazardous Waste Control Law, California Health & Safety Code 25100
et seq., as amended; Sections 66680 through 66685 of Title 22 of the California
Administration Code, Division 4, Chapter 30, as amended; and in the regulations
adopted and publications promulgated pursuant to said laws.

        B. Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Material to be
improperly or illegally used, stored, discharged, released or disposed of in,
from, under or about the Premises or the Complex, or any other land or
improvements in the vicinity of the Premises or the Complex. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, Tenant, at its sole cost, shall comply with all
laws relating to Hazardous Materials. If the presence of Hazardous Materials on
the Premises or the Complex caused or permitted by Tenant results in
contamination of the Premises or the Complex or any soil in or about the
Premises or the Complex, Tenant, as its expense shall promptly take all actions
necessary to return the Premises or the Complex to the condition existing prior
to the appearance of such Hazardous Material. The termination of this Lease
shall not terminate or reduce the liability or obligations of Tenant under this
Section, or as may be required by law, to clean up, monitor or remove any
Hazardous Materials from the Premises or the Complex.

        Tenant shall defend, hold harmless and indemnify Landlord and its agents
and employees with respect to all claims, damages and liabilities arising out of
or in connection with any Hazardous Material used, stored, discharged, released
or disposed of in, from, under or about the Premises or the Complex, where said
Hazardous Material is or was attributable to the activities of Tenant, its
agents or contractors during the Lease term and whether or not Tenant had
knowledge of such Hazardous Material, including, without limitation, any cost of
monitoring or removal, any reduction in the fair market value or fair rental
value of the Premises or the Complex and any loss, claim or demand by any third
person or entity relating to bodily injury or damage to real or personal
property.

        Tenant shall not suffer any lien to be recorded against the Premises or
the Complex as a consequence of a Hazardous Material, including any so called
state, federal or local "super fund" lien related to the "clean up" of a
Hazardous Material in or about the Premises, where said Hazardous Material is or
was attributable to the activities of Tenant.


                                                                              20
<PAGE>   21

        C. In the event Hazardous Materials are discovered in or about the
Premises or the Complex, and Landlord has substantial reason to believe that
Tenant was responsible for the presence of the Hazardous Material, then Landlord
shall have the right to appoint a consultant, at Tenant's expense, to conduct an
investigation to determine whether Hazardous Materials are located in or about
the Premises or the Complex and to determine the corrective measures, if any,
required to remove such Hazardous Materials. Tenant, at its expense, shall
comply with all recommendations of the consultant, as required by law. To the
extent it is determined that Tenant was not responsible for the presence of the
Hazardous Materials, then Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for any costs incurred
by Landlord and paid by Tenant under the terms of this paragraph 43.C.

        Tenant shall immediately notify Landlord of any inquiry, test,
investigation or enforcement proceeding by or against Tenant or the Premises or
the Complex concerning a Hazardous Material. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord,
as the owner of the Property, at its election, shall have the sole right, at
Tenant's expense, to negotiate, defend, approve and appeal any action taken or
order issued with regard to a Hazardous Material by an applicable governmental
authority. Provided Tenant is not in default under the terms of this Lease,
Tenant shall likewise have the right to participate in any negotiations,
approvals or appeals of any actions taken or orders issued with regard to the
Hazardous Material and Landlord shall not have the right to bind Tenant in said
actions or orders.

        Landlord shall defend, hold harmless and indemnify Tenant and its agents
and employees with respect to all claims, damages and liabilities arising out of
or in connection with any Hazardous Material used, stored, discharged, released
or disposed of in, from, under or about the Premises or the Complex, where said
Hazardous Material is or was not attributable to the activities of Tenant, its
agents or contractors during the Lease term and whether or not Tenant had
knowledge of such Hazardous Material including, without limitation, any cost of
monitoring or removal, any reduction in the fair market value or fair rental
value of the Premises or the Complex and any loss, claim or demand by any third
person or entity relating to bodily injury or damage to real or personal
property.

        D. It shall not be unreasonable for Landlord to withhold its consent to
any proposed assignment or subletting if (i) the proposed assignee's or
subtenant's anticipated use of the Premises involves the storage, use or
disposal of Hazardous Material; (ii) if the proposed assignee or subtenant has
been required by any prior landlord, lender or governmental authority to "clean
up" Hazardous Material; (iii) if the proposed assignee or subtenant is subject
to investigation or enforcement order or proceeding by any governmental
authority in connection with the use, disposal or storage of a Hazardous
Material.

        E. Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord, upon the expiration
or earlier termination of the Lease, free of Hazardous Materials which are or
were attributable to Tenant. If Tenant fails to so surrender the Premises,
Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all damages resulting
from Tenant's failure to surrender the Premises as required by this paragraph,
including, without limitation, any claims or damages in connection with the
condition of the Premises including, without limitation, damages occasioned by
the inability to relet the Premises or a reduction in the fair market and/or
rental value of the Premises or the Complex by reason of the existence of any
Hazardous Materials, which are or were attributable to the activities of Tenant,
in or around the Premises or the Complex. Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary in this Lease, if any action is required to be taken by a governmental
authority to clean-up, monitor or remove any Hazardous Materials, which are or
were attributable to the activities of Tenant, from the Premises or the Complex
and such action is not completed prior to the expiration or earlier termination
of the Lease, then at Landlord's election (i) this Lease shall be deemed renewed
for a term commencing on the expiration date of this Lease and ending on the
date the clean-up, monitoring or removal procedure is completed (provided,
however, that the total term of this Lease shall not be longer than 34 years and
11 months); or (ii) Tenant shall be deemed to have impermissibly held over and
Landlord shall be entitled to all damages directly or indirectly incurred in
connection with such holding over, including without limitation damages
occasioned by the inability to relet the Premises or a reduction in the fair
market and/or fair rental value of the Premises or the Complex by reason of the
existence of the Hazardous Material.


                                                                              21
<PAGE>   22

        F. Upon the Lease Commencement Date, Tenant shall provide to Landlord a
complete list of all chemicals, toxic waste or Hazardous Materials employed by
Tenant within the Premises. Throughout the terms of the Lease, Tenant shall
continue to update this list of chemicals, contaminants and Hazardous Materials.
Landlord hereby warrants Tenant that there is no asbestos in the building.

44.     MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL PROVISIONS

        a. Tenant shall not, without the written consent of Landlord, use the
        name of the building for any purpose other than as the address of the
        business conducted by Tenant in the Premises.

        b. This Lease shall in all respects be governed by and construed in
        accordance with the laws of the State of California. If any provision of
        this Lease shall be invalid, unenforceable or ineffective for any reason
        whatsoever, all other provisions hereof shall be and remain in full
        force and effect.

        c. The term "Premises" includes the space leased hereby and any
        improvements now or hereafter installed therein or attached thereto. The
        term "Landlord" or any pronoun used in place thereof includes the plural
        as well as the singular and the successors and assigns of Landlord. The
        term "Tenant" or any pronoun used in place thereof includes the plural
        as well as the singular and individuals, firms, associations,
        partnerships and corporations, and their and each of their respective
        heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns,
        according to the context hereof, and the provisions of this Lease shall
        inure to the benefit of and bind such heirs, executors, administrators,
        successors and permitted assigns.

        The term "person" includes the plural as well as the singular and
        individuals, firms, associations, partnerships and corporations. Words
        used in any gender include other genders. If there be more than one
        Tenant the obligations of Tenant hereunder are joint and several. The
        paragraph headings of this Lease are for convenience of reference only
        and shall have no effect upon the construction or interpretation of any
        provision hereof.

        d. Time is of the essence of this Lease and of each and all of its
        provisions.

        e. At the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall
        execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord, within ten (10) days after
        written demand from Landlord to Tenant, any quitclaim deed or other
        document required by any reputable title company, licensed to operate in
        the State of California, to remove the cloud or encumbrance created by
        this Lease from the real property of which Tenant's Premises are a part.

        f. This instrument along with any exhibits and attachments hereto
        constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and Tenant relative to
        the Premises and this agreement and the exhibits and attachments may be
        altered, amended or revoked only by an instrument in writing signed by
        both Landlord and Tenant. Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that all
        prior or contemporaneous oral agreements between and among themselves
        and the agents or representatives relative to the leasing of the
        Premises are merged in or revoked by this agreement.

        g. Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall record this Lease or a short form
        memorandum hereof without the consent of the other.

        h. Tenant further agrees to execute any amendments required by a lender
        to enable Landlord to obtain financing, so long as Tenant's rights
        hereunder are not substantially affected.

        i. Clauses, plats and riders, if any, signed by Landlord and Tenant and
        endorsed on or affixed to this Lease are a part hereof.


                                                                              22
<PAGE>   23

        j. Tenant covenants and agrees that no diminution or shutting off of
        light, air or view by any structure which may be hereafter erected
        (whether or not by Landlord) shall in any way affect this Lease, entitle
        Tenant to any reduction of rent hereunder or result in any liability of
        Landlord to Tenant.

        k. Landlord covenants with Tenant that upon Tenant paying the rent and
        all other charges required under this Lease and performing all of
        Tenant's covenants and agreements contained herein, Tenant shall
        peacefully have, hold and enjoy the Premises, subject to all of the
        terms and conditions of this Lease.

45.     OPTIONS TO EXTEND

        Provided Tenant is not in default under any of the terms, covenants or
conditions of this Lease and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
hereafter, Tenant is hereby granted the option to extend the term of the Lease
for the Premises leased hereunder for two consecutive five year periods:

        a) Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing of Tenant's exercise of its
option to extend the Lease no less than 12 months prior to the lease expiration
date.

        b) The Lease shall be extended for a period of five years commencing
upon the day after the Lease expiration date and shall terminate five years
later.

        c) The monthly Basic Rent during each of the extended terms shall be the
Fair Market Rate with interim adjustment (if any) then being charged for
comparable space of comparable quality in the immediate Mountain View/Shoreline
area, but in no event shall the monthly Basic Rent be less than the monthly
Basic Rent for the last full month immediately preceding the commencement date
of the extended term.

        d) The then current payment for Additional Rent described in paragraph
4D of the Lease shall continue to be adjusted according to paragraph 4D of the
Lease.

        e) This option to extend can be exercised solely by Tenant for its sole
use of the Premises (including any permitted subtenants (except for any entities
affiliated with Tenant) which in total do not exceed 25% of the building) and
may not be transferred or assigned to any sublessee or other party, nor may this
option be exercised by Tenant if more than 25% of the building is then subleased
to a party other than Tenant or Tenant's affiliates.

46.     FAIR MARKET RATE

        The fair market rate shall be defined as the prevailing market rate with
interim adjustments (if any) then charged for comparable space of comparable
quality in the immediate Mountain View/Shoreline market area. Landlord and
Tenant shall attempt to agree in writing on such fair market rate. If Landlord
and Tenant do not agree on the fair market rate for the Premises by that date
which is one hundred fifty (150) days prior to the beginning of each extended
term, then Landlord and Tenant shall each select a licensed real estate broker
(the "Brokers") with a minimum five (5) years commercial leasing experience in
the Mountain View area to determine the fair market rate for the Premises. If
the Brokers are unable to agree as to the fair market rate by that date which is
one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the beginning of each extended term, then
the Brokers shall mutually select a third licensed real estate broker (the
"Arbitrator") who has the same minimum qualifications as the Brokers and who has
not previously represented either party. Each Broker shall submit to the
Arbitrator his or her determination of the fair market rate for the Premises,
and the support therefor, and the Arbitrator shall decide which Broker has most
accurately determined the fair market rate, which decision shall be final and
binding on both Landlord and Tenant. Landlord and Tenant shall each pay their
own Broker's fees and costs and shall each pay one-half (1/2) of the
Arbitrator's fees and costs.


                                                                              23
<PAGE>   24

47.     ACCEPTANCE AND SURRENDER OF PREMISES AND COST OF MAJOR REPAIRS

        Notwithstanding anything in paragraphs 8 & 9 to the contrary, commencing
as of the date Landlord offers possession of the Premises to Tenant, an
independent inspection team shall be hired to make a thorough inspection of the
Premises. Tenant shall hire the inspectors subject to Landlord's reasonable
approval of the cost of the inspection and the inspector. Landlord shall pay for
the inspection. Said inspection shall be limited to and shall only include
roofs, elevators, HVAC systems, electrical systems (including lights and bulbs),
plumbing systems, locking mechanisms, exterior and roll-up doors, and glazing.
Tenant shall provide Landlord a copy of these reports. Landlord shall deliver
the buildings and all operating systems covered in the report to Tenant as of
the Lease Commencement Date referenced in Paragraph 2A above in a well
maintained condition and in good repair. Landlord shall be under no specific
obligation to upgrade any particular system and Tenant acknowledges that the
systems have been previously used. Landlord's repair of the referenced items
shall not affect the commencement date of the Lease so long as Tenant is able to
occupy and operate in the Premises without interference. Notwithstanding
anything in paragraph 7 to the contrary, Capital Expenses made by Landlord shall
not be included in the annual expenses of operation, management and maintenance
of the Building or Complex. For example, the replacement of an entire roof shall
not be deemed an expense of operation whereas the ongoing repair and maintenance
of a roof is deemed an operating expense. In addition to provisions of
paragraphs 4D and 7, if there is a single incident that requires a maintenance
expense up to $15,000, said expense shall be reimbursable by Tenant and shall be
included in the annual operating expenses. For single large maintenance expenses
between $15,000 and $20,000, such expense will be reimbursable by Tenant
(without interest) over three years with an equal amount charged per year. If a
single large maintenance expense is greater than $20,000, it shall be
reimbursable by Tenant over a 5 year period, in equal amounts reimbursable per
year.

        Landlord shall lease the Premises to Tenant in an "as-is" condition, and
other than Landlord's repair obligation per this paragraph 47 and Landlord's
code compliance obligation per paragraph 17, all cost of construction including
demolition, architectural, drawings, permitting fees, etc, shall be paid by
Tenant with Landlord's contributions limited to those described in paragraph 9.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all equipment associated with
the cafeteria (including but not limited to items such as ovens, ranges,
dishwashing equipment, walk-in coolers or freezers, etc.) shall be accepted by
Tenant in an AS-IS condition, and Landlord shall have no obligation whatsoever
with respect to the condition of this equipment.

48.     CONSTRUCTION SUPERVISION. Landlord, at Landlord's sole cost and expense,
shall retain WSJ Properties Construction Division to supervise the improvements
made by Tenant's Contractor (if other than WSJ Properties) for Tenant's initial
built-out. Landlord shall approve all plans in a timely manner prior to
commencement of construction and copies of all permits and final signed-off
copies of permits shall be submitted to Landlord. Landlord shall also be named
as an additional insured on all general and subcontractor insurance policies and
shall receive lien releases from all subcontractors. In general, Landlord
requires the following:

        1)      The construction area must be kept clean and neat with interior
                and exterior daily pick-up.

        2)      The construction may not unreasonably interfere with any other
                tenants in the Complex.

        3)      Landlord shall receive copies of as-built drawings for the
                improvements, including HVAC, electrical, plumbing, partitions,
                reflected ceilings, finish schedules, millwork, etc. There shall
                also be one reproducible set of drawings submitted to Landlord.

        4)      Landlord shall received a list of all finishes and suppliers.

        5)      ELECTRICAL

                a) All electrical shall be in EMT with no M.C. Cable.

                b) Any new panels and breakers to match existing and shall be
                accurately labeled.

                c) All fluorescent lighting shall be cool white or otherwise as
                reasonably agreeable to both parties.


                                                                              24
<PAGE>   25

        6)      HVAC

                a) Zone boxes and controls shall match existing if available.

                b) EMONDEMON meters shall be installed on all special air
                conditioning units.

                c) All thermostats shall be new and match existing if available.

                d) Landlord shall receive a structural report for all new units
                placed on the roof.

                e) All roof patching shall be hot mopped not cold patched.

                f) Upon completion of construction the HVAC Systems shall be air
                balanced and all filters changed.

        7)      PLUMBING

                Tenant shall not use plastic piping. All piping must be copper
                galvanized or cast iron.

        8)      KEYS

                Landlord shall be provided with the copies of any keys to
                locking mechanisms for emergency purposes. Tenant shall use a
                BEST lock system.

        9)      Tenant shall be responsible for meeting all applicable codes for
                earthquake, energy, and handicap requirements directly related
                to Tenant's interior improvements. Any contractor or
                subcontractor must be licensed to do business in the State of
                California. This Tenant responsibility shall be for all items
                not defined as Landlord's responsibility in paragraph 17.

        10)     The general contractor and subcontractors shall use first class
                construction practices and shall comply with reasonable
                suggestions of the WSJ Properties Construction Supervisor.

49.     CROSS DEFAULT

        It is understood that Landlord and Tenant have entered into several
leases for premises in the vicinity of the Premises leased hereunder. Exhibit
"C" shows additional buildings for which Tenant has entered into leases with
Landlord. As a material part of the consideration for the execution of this
Lease by Landlord, it is agreed between Landlord and Tenant that a default under
this Lease (after any applicable notice and cure period has expired), or a
default under a lease by Tenant (after any applicable notice and cure period has
expired) for any building leased and shown on Exhibit "C" may, at the option of
Landlord, be considered a default under all leases by and between Landlord and
Tenant then in effect, in which event Landlord shall be entitled (but in no
event required) to apply all rights and remedies of Landlord under the terms of
one lease to all leases including, but not limited to, the right to terminate
one or all of said leases by reason of default under said Lease or hereunder.

50.     RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER

        Provided Tenant is not in default (beyond any applicable notice and cure
period) under any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease,
beginning on the Commencement Date of this Lease and subject to the existing
rights of Sun Microsystems (the current tenant of the building), Landlord hereby
grants Tenant a Right of first Offer to lease the entire building located at
2600 Casey Avenue, Mountain View, California as shown on Exhibit D (and
hereinafter referred to as 2600 Casey). Tenant's Right of first Offer shall be
upon and subject to the following terms and conditions:

        a)  Tenant's right to lease 2600 Casey shall be the right to accept a
            proposal by Landlord to lease 2600 Casey, which proposal shall
            include the date of availability and the terms under which Landlord
            will lease the space to Tenant. The terms shall include the rent,
            increases in rent, the term, the size of the premises, the tenant
            improvement allowance (if any), and the like. Tenant shall have 30
            calendar days in which to accept Landlord's proposal. In the event
            Tenant accepts Landlord's proposal, then Landlord shall prepare a
            lease substantially in the form hereof incorporating the terms of
            Landlord's proposal and the same shall be executed by Landlord and
            Tenant.

        b)  In the event Tenant does not accept the proposal by Landlord within
            the time period specified above, then Landlord agrees that it will
            not lease 2600 Casey to another tenant on terms that are more
            favorable than those proposed to Tenant without first offering the
            more favorable terms to Tenant and allowing Tenant 10 business days
            within which to accept the more favorable terms.


                                                                              25
<PAGE>   26

        c)  In the event Tenant fails to accept the proposal from Landlord to
            lease 2600 Casey (and subject to b) above), then Landlord shall have
            no further obligations to Tenant with respect to 2600 Casey.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed and delivered this Lease
as of the day and year first above written.


LANDLORD:                                TENANT:
CHARLESTON PROPERTIES, a                 INTUIT INC., a
California General Partnership           Delaware Corporation




By /s/ [SIGNATURE ILLEGIBLE]             By /s/ GREG J. SANTORA
  --------------------------------         ------------------------------------
Date: 4/30/99                            Date: 4/30/99
     -----------------------------            ---------------------------------



                                             APPROVED
                                             Intuit Legal Dept.
                                             Date April 30, 1999
                                                 -------------------
                                             By /s/ BEVERLY BELLOWS
                                               ---------------------




                                                                              26
<PAGE>   27


                                  [FLOOR PLAN]


                                   EXHIBIT A





<PAGE>   28


                                  [FLOOR PLAN]


                                   EXHIBIT B





<PAGE>   29


                                   [AREA MAP]


                                   EXHIBIT C
<PAGE>   30


                                   [AREA MAP]


                                   EXHIBIT D



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.31
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>f64477ex10-31.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.31
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.31


                 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL LEASE AGREEMENT

1.      BASIC PROVISIONS ("BASIC PROVISIONS").

        1.1. PARTIES. This Lease ("LEASE"), dated for reference purposes only
March 29, 1999, is made by and between J. Douglas Finney, an individual; James
L. Sammet; Trustee of the James L. Sammet Family Trust Dated 11/8/96; and Clay
DelSecco and Carol DelSecco, Trustees of the DelSecco Revocable Trust Dated
12/16/87 (collectively "LANDLORD") and INTUIT Inc., a Delaware corporation
("TENANT"), (collectively the "PARTIES," or individually a "PARTY").

        1.2. PREMISES. That certain real property, including all improvements
therein or to be provided by Landlord under the terms of this Lease, and
commonly known as 2632 Marine Way, Mountain View located in the County of Santa
Clara, State of California and generally described as an approximately rentable
17,250 square foot single story building on approximately 1.44 acres of land and
further described as Santa Clara County Tax Assessor's Parcel No. 116-02-067
("PREMISES"). (See also Paragraph 2)

        1.3. TERM. Six 6 years and zero (0) months ("ORIGINAL TERM") commencing
Two (2) months after Landlord delivers possession of the Premises to Tenant free
of Sun Microsystems' occupancy ("COMMENCEMENT DATE") which delivery of
possession is estimated to be approximately May 1, 1999 ("Scheduled Delivery
Date") and which Commencement Date is estimated to be July 1, 1999 ("Scheduled
Commencement Date"). In no event, however, shall the Commencement Date be any
earlier than July 1, 1999. (Landlord shall endeavor to give Tenant thirty (30)
days' prior written notice of Sun Microsystems' projected surrender date.) The
"EXPIRATION DATE" shall be that date which is six (6) years following the
Commencement Date. (See also Paragraph 3 and the Paragraphs 52 and 53 regarding
Tenant's options to extend the term.) When the Commencement Date is determined,
the parties shall execute a memorandum confirming both the Commencement Date and
Expiration Date.

        1.4. EARLY POSSESSION. Upon Sun Microsystems' vacating the Premises
("EARLY POSSESSION DATE"). (See also Paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3)

        1.5. BASE RENT. Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord and Landlord agrees to
accept as Base Rent for the leased Premises, the total sum of Two Million Three
Hundred Eighteen Thousand Eight Hundred Seventy Seven & 84/100 ($2,318,877.84)
dollars, payable as follows:

        The sum of $16,387.50 payable each month from Commencement Date through
        the end of the twelfth month thereafter.


<PAGE>   2

        The sum of $16,961.06 payable each month for months 13 and 14 of the
        Original Term.

        The sum of $22,994.12 payable for month 15 of the Original Term.

        The sum of $33,922.12 payable each month for months 16 through 24 of the
        Original Term.

        The sum of $35,109.39 payable each month for months 25 through 36 of the
        Original Term.

        The sum of $36,338.22 payable each month for months 37 through 48 of the
        Original Term.

        The sum of $37,610.05 payable each month for months 49 through the
        Expiration Date.

Full monthly Base Rent is due in advance on the first day of each calendar month
commencing on the Commencement Date. (See also Paragraph 4).

        1.6. BASE RENT PAID UPON EXECUTION. Sixteen Thousand Three Hundred
Eighty Seven & 50/100 ($16,387.50) dollars as Base Rent for the first month of
the Lease Term.

        1.7. SECURITY DEPOSIT. Zero (0) dollars ("SECURITY DEPOSIT"). (See also
Paragraph 5)

        1.8. AGREED USE. General office, research and development, telemarketing
and other legal uses permitted by zoning (See also Paragraph 6)

        1.9. INSURING PARTY. Landlord is the "INSURING PARTY" unless otherwise
stated herein. (See also Paragraph 8)

        1.10. REAL ESTATE BROKERS. (See also Paragraph 15)

                (a) REPRESENTATION. The following real estate brokers
(collectively, the "Brokers") and brokerage relationships exist in this
transaction (check applicable boxes):

X  Cornish & Carey Commercial represents Landlord exclusively
- -----------------------------
("LANDLORD'S BROKER");

X  The Staubach Company represents Tenant exclusively ("TENANT'S BROKER"); or
- -----------------------



                                       2
<PAGE>   3

X                       represents both Landlord and Tenant ("Dual Agency").
- -----------------------

                (b) PAYMENT TO BROKERS. Upon execution and delivery of this
Lease by both Parties, Landlord shall pay to the Broker the fee agreed to in
their separate written agreement [or if there is no such agreement, the sum of
One Hundred Twenty Seven Thousand Six Hundred Twenty Eight & 30/100 ($127,628.30
dollars split 50% & 50% between the two above named real estate brokers for the
brokerage services rendered by said Brokers].

        1.11. GUARANTOR. The obligations of the Tenant under this Lease are to
be guaranteed by N/A ("GUARANTOR"). (See also Paragraph 37)

2.      PREMISES.

        2.1. LETTING. Landlord hereby leases to Tenant, and Tenant hereby leases
from Landlord, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon all of the
terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. Unless otherwise
provided herein, any statement of size set forth in this Lease, or that may have
been used in calculating rental, is an approximation which the Parties agree is
reasonable and the rental based thereon is not subject to revision whether or
not the actual size is more or less.

        2.2. CONDITION. Except as otherwise provided herein, Tenant agrees to
take possession of the Premises in their "As Is" condition, with all faults and
without any obligation whatsoever on Landlord's part to construct or install any
tenant improvements or other alterations, additions or improvements to the
Premises, or to reconfigure, remodel, paint or perform other work in or to the
Premises in connection with Tenant's occupancy thereof.

        2.3. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Tenant acknowledges that: (a) it has been advised
by Landlord and/or Brokers to satisfy itself with respect to the condition of
the Premises (including but not limited to the electrical, HVAC and fire
sprinkler systems and security; and their suitability for Tenant's intended use,
(b) Tenant has made such investigation as it deems necessary with reference to
such matters and, subject to Paragraphs 7.2 and 55.1 below, assumes all
responsibility therefor as the same relate to its occupancy of the Premises, and
(c) neither Landlord, Landlord's agents, nor any Broker has made any oral or
written representations or warranties with respect to said matters other than as
set forth in this Lease. In addition, Landlord acknowledges that: (a) Broker has
made no representations, promises or warranties concerning Tenant's ability to
honor the Lease or


                                       3
<PAGE>   4

suitability to occupy the Premises, and (b) it is Landlord's sole responsibility
to investigate the financial capability and/or suitability of all proposed
tenants.

3.      TERM.

        3.1. TERM. The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of
this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3.

        3.2. EARLY POSSESSION. If Tenant totally or partially occupies the
Premises prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay Base Rent and
Real Property Taxes shall be abated for the period of such early possession. All
other terms of this Lease (including but not limited to the obligations to pay
insurance premiums and, subject to Paragraph 7.2 below, to maintain the
Premises) shall, however, be in effect during such period. Any such early
possession shall not affect the Expiration Date.

        3.3. DELAY IN POSSESSION. Landlord agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant by the Scheduled
Delivery Date. If, despite said efforts, Landlord is unable to deliver
possession of the Premises to Tenant by the Scheduled Delivery Date, Landlord
shall not be subject to any liability therefor, nor shall such failure affect
the validity of this Lease. Tenant shall not, however, be obligated to pay Rent
or perform its other obligations until it receives possession of the Premises.
If possession is not delivered within one (1) month after the Scheduled
Commencement Date, Tenant may, at its option, by notice in writing within ten
(10) business days after the end of such one-month period, cancel this Lease, in
which event the Parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder. If
such written notice is not received by Landlord within said ten (10) business
day period, Tenant's right to cancel shall terminate. If possession is not
delivered within three (3) months after the Scheduled Commencement Date, Tenant
may, at its option, by notice in writing within ten (10) business days after the
end of such three (3) month period, cancel this Lease, in which event the
Parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder. If such written
notice is not received by Landlord within said ten (10) business day period,
Tenant's right to cancel shall terminate.

        3.4. TENANT COMPLIANCE. Landlord shall not be required to tender
possession of the Premises to Tenant until Tenant complies with its obligation
to provide evidence of insurance (Paragraph 8.5).

4.      RENT.

        4.1. RENT DEFINED. All monetary obligations of Tenant to Landlord under
the terms of this Lease (except for the Security Deposit) are deemed to be rent
("Rent").


                                       4
<PAGE>   5

        4.2. PAYMENT. Tenant shall cause payment of Rent to be received by
Landlord in lawful money of the United States, without offset or deduction
(except as specifically permitted in this Lease), on or before the day on which
it is due. Rent for any period during the term hereof which is for less than one
(1) full calendar month shall be prorated based upon the actual number of days
of said month. Payment of Rent shall be made to Landlord at its address stated
herein or to such other persons or place as Landlord may from time to time
designate in writing. Acceptance of a payment which is less than the amount then
due shall not be a waiver of Landlord's rights to the balance of such Rent,
regardless of Landlord's endorsement of any check so stating.

5.      SECURITY DEPOSIT. Tenant is not required to pay a Security Deposit.

6.      USE.

        6.1. USE. Tenant shall use and occupy the Premises only for the use
specified in Paragraph 1.8 above ("Agreed Use"), or any other legal use which is
reasonably comparable thereto, and for no other purpose. Tenant shall not use or
permit the use of the Premises in a manner that is unlawful, creates damage,
waste or a nuisance, or that disturbs owners and/or occupants of, or causes
damage to neighboring properties.

        6.2. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.

                (a) REPORTABLE USES REQUIRE CONSENT. The term "HAZARDOUS
SUBSTANCE" as used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance, or waste
whose presence, use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, or release, either
by itself or in combination with other materials expected to be on the Premises,
is either: (i) potentially injurious to the public health, safety or welfare,
the environment or the Premises, (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental
authority, or (iii) a basis for potential liability of Landlord to any
governmental agency or third party under any applicable statute or common law
theory. Hazardous Substances shall include, but not be limited to, hydrocarbons,
petroleum, gasoline, and/or crude oil or any products, by-products or fractions
thereof. Tenant shall not engage in any activity in or on the Premises which
constitutes a Reportable Use of Hazardous Substances without the express prior
written consent of Landlord and timely compliance (at Tenant's expense) with all
Applicable Requirements. "Applicable Requirements" shall mean all statutes,
ordinances, rules and regulations of governmental authorities and all recorded
covenants, conditions, restrictions and equitable servitudes affecting the
Premises. "REPORTABLE USE" shall mean (i) the installation or use of any above
or below ground storage tank, (ii) the generation, possession, storage, use,
transportation, or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires a permit
from, or with respect to which a report, notice, registration or business plan
is required to be filed with, any governmental authority, and/or (iii) the
presence at the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with respect to which any
Applicable


                                       5
<PAGE>   6

Requirements requires that a notice be given to persons entering or occupying
the Premises or neighboring properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant
may use any ordinary and customary materials reasonably required to be used in
the normal course of the Agreed Use, including, without limitation, toner and
other materials used for photocopy machines, so long as such use is in
compliance with all Applicable Requirements, is not a Reportable Use, and does
not expose the Premises or neighboring property to any meaningful risk of
contamination or damage or expose Landlord to any liability therefor. In
addition, Landlord may condition its consent to any Reportable Use upon
receiving such additional assurances as Landlord reasonably deems necessary to
protect itself, the public, the Premises and/or the environment against damage,
contamination, injury and/or liability, including, but not limited to, the
installation (and removal on or before Lease expiration or termination) of
protective modifications (such as concrete encasements) and/or requiring or
increasing the Security Deposit.

                (b) DUTY TO INFORM LANDLORD. If Tenant knows, or has reasonable
cause to believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located in, on,
under or about the Premises, other than as previously consented to by Landlord,
Tenant shall immediately give written notice of such fact to Landlord, and
provide Landlord with a copy of any report, notice, claim or other documentation
which it has concerning the presence of such Hazardous Substance.

                (c) TENANT REMEDIATION. Tenant shall not cause or permit any
Hazardous Substance to be spilled or released in, on, under, or about the
Premises (including through the plumbing or sanitary sewer system) and shall
promptly, at Tenant's expense, take all investigatory and/or remedial action
reasonably recommended, whether or not formally ordered or required, for the
cleanup of any contamination of, and for the maintenance, security and/or
monitoring of the Premises or neighboring properties, that was caused or
contributed to by Tenant, or pertaining to or involving any Hazardous Substance
brought onto the Premises during the term of this Lease by or for Tenant.

                (d) TENANT INDEMNIFICATION. Tenant shall indemnify, defend and
hold Landlord, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor, if any,
harmless from and against any and all loss of rents and/or damages, liabilities,
judgments, claims, costs, expenses, penalties, and attorneys' and consultants'
fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the
Premises by or for Tenant. Tenant's obligations shall include, but not be
limited to, the effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or
the environment created or suffered by Tenant, and the cost of investigation,
removal, remediation, restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive the
expiration or termination of this Lease. NO TERMINATION, CANCELLATION OR RELEASE
AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY LANDLORD AND TENANT SHALL RELEASE TENANT FROM ITS
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS


                                       6
<PAGE>   7

LEASE WITH RESPECT TO HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, UNLESS SPECIFICALLY SO AGREED BY
LANDLORD IN WRITING AT THE TIME OF SUCH AGREEMENT.

                (e) INVESTIGATIONS AND REMEDIATIONS. Landlord shall retain the
responsibility and pay for any investigations or remediation measures required
by governmental entities having jurisdiction with respect to the existence of
Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to the Commencement Date. Tenant
shall cooperate fully in any such activities at the request of Landlord,
including allowing Landlord and Landlord's agents to have reasonable access to
the Premises at reasonable times in order to carry out Landlord's investigative
and remedial responsibilities.

                (f) LANDLORD INDEMNIFICATION. Landlord shall indemnify, defend
and hold Tenant, its agents, employees and lenders harmless from and against any
and all damages, liabilities, judgments, claims, costs, expenses, penalties and
attorneys' and consultants' fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous
Substance affecting the Premises and not caused to be located on or about, or
otherwise brought onto, the Premises by or for Tenant. Landlord's obligations
shall include, but not be limited to, the effects of any contamination or injury
to person, property or the environment created or suffered by a party other than
Tenant, and the cost of investigation, removal, remediation, restoration and/or
abatement, and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease.

        6.3. TENANT'S COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS. Except as
otherwise provided in this Lease, including, without limitation, Paragraph 7.2
below, Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole expense, fully, diligently and in a timely
manner, comply with all Applicable Requirements and the reasonable requirements
of any applicable fire insurance underwriter or rating bureau which relate in
any manner to the Premises, without regard to whether said requirements are now
in effect or become effective after the Commencement Date. Tenant's obligation
to comply with Applicable Requirements shall include the obligation, at Tenant's
sole cost, to make any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises
required by Applicable Requirements, whether by reason of Tenant's use or change
in use of the Premises or by reason of any improvements to the Premises made by
Tenant. Tenant shall, within ten (10) business days after receipt of Landlord's
written request, provide Landlord with copies of all permits and other
documents, and other information evidencing Tenant's compliance with any
Applicable Requirements specified by Landlord, and shall immediately upon
receipt, notify Landlord in writing (with copies of any documents involved) of
any threatened or actual claim, notice, citation, warning, complaint or report
pertaining to or involving the failure of Tenant or the Premises to comply with
any Applicable Requirements.

        6.4. INSPECTION; COMPLIANCE. Landlord and Landlord's "Lender" (as
defined in Paragraph 30 below) and consultants shall have the right to enter
into Premises at any time, in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at
reasonable times upon not less than


                                       7
<PAGE>   8

48 hours' advance notice delivered during regular business hours, for the
purpose of inspecting the condition of the Premises and for verifying compliance
by Tenant with this Lease. The cost of any such inspections shall be paid by
Landlord, unless a material violation of Applicable Requirements, or a
contamination is found to exist or be imminent, or the inspection is requested
or ordered by a governmental authority. In such case, Tenant shall upon request
reimburse Landlord for the reasonable cost of such inspections, so long as such
inspection is reasonably related to the violation or contamination.

7.      MAINTENANCE; REPAIRS, UTILITY INSTALLATIONS; TRADE FIXTURES AND
        ALTERATIONS.

        7.1. TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS.

                (a) In General. Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 2.2
(Condition), 6.3 (Tenant's Compliance with Applicable Requirements), 6.3(f)
(Landlord Indemnification), 7.2 (Landlord's Obligations), 9 (Damage or
Destruction), and 14 (Condemnation), Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole expense,
keep the Premises, Utility Installations, and Alterations in good order,
condition and repair (whether or not the portion of the Premises requiring
repairs, or the means of repairing the same, are reasonably or readily
accessible to Tenant, and whether or not the need for such repairs occurs as a
result of Tenant's use, any prior use, the elements or the age of such portion
of the Premises), including, but not limited to, all equipment or facilities,
such as plumbing, heating, ventilating, air-conditioning, electrical, lighting
facilities, boilers, pressure vessels, fire protection system, fixtures, walls
(interior and exterior), ceilings, roofs, floors, windows, doors, plate glass,
skylights, landscaping, driveways, parking lots, fences, retaining walls, signs,
sidewalks and parkways located in, on, or adjacent to the Premises. Tenant, in
keeping the Premises in good order, condition and repair, shall exercise and
perform good maintenance practices, specifically including the procurement and
maintenance of the service contracts required by Paragraph 7.1(b) below.
Tenant's obligations shall include restorations, replacements or renewals when
necessary to keep the Premises and all improvements thereon or a part thereof in
good order, condition and state of repair. Tenant shall, during the term of this
Lease, keep the exterior appearance of the Building in a first-class condition
consistent with the exterior appearance of other similar facilities of
comparable age and size in the vicinity, including, when necessary, the exterior
repainting of the Building.

                (b) SERVICE CONTRACTS. Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole expense,
procure and maintain contracts, with copies to Landlord, in customary form and
substance for, and with contractors specializing and experienced in the
maintenance of the following equipment and improvements, if any, if and when
installed on the Premises: (i) HVAC equipment, (ii) fire extinguishing systems,
including fire alarm and/or smoke detection,


                                       8
<PAGE>   9

(iii) landscaping and irrigation systems, (iv) roof covering and drains, (v)
driveways and parking lots, and (vi) any other equipment, if reasonably required
by Landlord.

                (c) REPLACEMENT. Subject to Tenant's indemnification of Landlord
as set forth in Paragraph 8.7 below and except as otherwise provided in this
Paragraph 7.1(c), and without relieving Tenant of liability resulting from
Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under this Lease, if during the term
of this Lease, as the same may be extended, any of the components of the
Premises described in Paragraph 7.1(a) above (including, without limitation,
the roof and the electrical, mechanical, plumbing and HVAC systems) cannot be
repaired, in Landlord's reasonable judgment, then such components of the
Premises shall be replaced by Landlord or, at Landlord's direction, by Tenant,
and in any event the cost thereof shall be paid by Tenant. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the electrical switch panel is required to be replaced, as
reasonably determined by Landlord, Landlord shall pay for such replacement.
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord 1/25th of the cost of the electrical switch
panel replacement for each full year of occupancy, during the term of this
Lease, as the same may be extended, (as to any year of occupancy less than one
year, such annual cost shall be appropriately prorated as reasonably determined
by Landlord) after the electrical switch panel has been replaced. In addition,
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Landlord shall require the
capital replacement of any component of the Premises, other than the roof and
the electrical, mechanical, plumbing and HVAC systems (the entire cost of which
shall be paid by Tenant when incurred by Landlord or Tenant, as applicable),
Landlord shall cause such capital replacement to be made and Landlord's cost
thereof, together with interest thereon at a per annum interest rate equal to
the "reference rate" of Bank of America, NT & SA, plus two (2) percent, shall be
amortized over the useful life of such capital replacement as reasonably
determined by Landlord in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Tenant shall pay to Landlord annually within thirty (30) days
following receipt of written demand the annual amortized amount of such capital
replacements each year during the term of this Lease, as the same may be
extended.

        7.2. LANDLORD'S OBLIGATIONS. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2
(Condition), 7.1(c) (Replacement), 9 (Damage or Destruction), 14 (Condemnation)
and 55.1 (Landlord's Work), and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7.2,
it is intended by the Parties hereto that Landlord have no obligation, in any
manner whatsoever, to repair and maintain the Premises, or the equipment
therein, all of which obligations are intended to be that of the Tenant.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord, at Landlord's expense, shall maintain
the structural components of the Premises, including the foundations, roof
structure and exterior and shear walls, the domestic water and electrical
systems from the street to the point of entry to the Premises, and the fire
system from the street to the PIV valve to the point of entry to the Premises.
It is the intention of the Parties that the terms of this Lease govern the
respective obligations of the Parties as to


                                       9
<PAGE>   10

maintenance and repair of the Premises, and they expressly waive the benefit of
any statute now or hereafter in effect to the extent it is inconsistent with the
terms of this Lease.

        7.3. UTILITY INSTALLATIONS; TRADE FIXTURES; ALTERATIONS.

                (a) DEFINITIONS; CONSENT REQUIRED. The term "UTILITY
INSTALLATIONS" refers to all floor and window coverings, air lines, power
panels, electrical distribution, security and fire protection systems,
communication systems, lighting fixtures, HVAC equipment, plumbing, and fencing
in or on the Premises. The term "TRADE FIXTURES" shall mean Tenant's machinery
and equipment that can be removed without doing material damage to the Premises.
The term "ALTERATIONS" shall mean any modification of the improvements, other
than Utility Installations or Trade Fixtures, whether by addition or deletion.
"TENANT OWNED ALTERATIONS AND/OR UTILITY INSTALLATIONS" are defined as
Alterations and/or Utility Installations made by Tenant that are not yet owned
by Landlord pursuant to Paragraph 7.4(a). Subject to Tenant's rights under
Paragraph 55.2 below, Tenant shall not make any Alterations or Utility
Installations to the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Tenant may, however, make
non-structural Alterations or Utility Installations to the interior of the
Premises (excluding the roof) without such consent but upon not less than ten
(10) days' prior written notice to Landlord, as long as they are not visible
from the outside, do not involve puncturing, relocating or removing the roof or
any existing walls, and the cumulative cost thereof during Original Term of this
Lease does not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate or $10,000 in any one year, and
for like amounts for each five (5) year Lease Renewal Term.

                (b) CONSENT. Any Alterations or Utility Installations that
Tenant shall desire to make and which require the consent of the Landlord shall
be presented to Landlord in written form with detailed plans. Consent shall be
deemed conditioned upon Tenant's: (i) acquiring all applicable governmental
permits, (ii) furnishing Landlord with copies of both the permits and the plans
and specifications prior to commencement of the work, and (iii) compliance with
all conditions of said permits and other Applicable Requirements in a prompt and
expeditious manner. Any Alterations or Utility installations shall be performed
in a workmanlike manner with good and sufficient materials. Tenant shall
promptly upon completion furnish Landlord with as-built plans and specifications
where appropriate.

                (c) INDEMNIFICATION. Tenant shall pay, when due, all claims for
labor or materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for Tenant
at or for use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any
mechanic's or materialmen's lien against the Premises or any interest therein,
and shall indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless with respect thereto.
Tenant shall give Landlord not less than ten (10)


                                       10
<PAGE>   11

days' notice prior to the commencement of any work in, on or about the Premises,
and Landlord shall have the right to post notices of non-responsibility. If
Tenant shall contest the validity of any such lien, claim or demand, then Tenant
shall, at its sole expense, defend and protect itself, Landlord and the Premises
against the same and shall pay and satisfy any such adverse judgment that may be
rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof. If the amount in dispute
exceeds $50,000, and if Landlord shall require, Tenant shall furnish a surety
bond in an amount equal to one and one-half times the amount of such contested
lien, claim or demand, indemnifying Landlord against liability for the same. If
Landlord elects to participate in any such action, Tenant shall pay Landlord's
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.

        7.4. OWNERSHIP; REMOVAL; SURRENDER; AND RESTORATION.

                (a) OWNERSHIP. Subject to Landlord's right to require removal or
elect ownership as hereinafter provided, all Alterations and Utility
Installations made by Tenant shall be the property of Tenant, but considered a
part of the Premises. Upon installation, the roof shall be deemed owned by the
Landlord. Landlord may, at any time, elect in writing to be the owner of all or
any specified part of the Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility Installations.
Unless otherwise instructed per Paragraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Tenant Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations shall, at the expiration or termination of
this Lease, become the property of Landlord and be surrendered by Tenant with
the Premises.

                (b) REMOVAL. By delivery to Tenant of written notice from
Landlord not later than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the end of the
term of this Lease, Landlord may require that any or all Tenant Owned
Alterations or Utility Installations be removed by the expiration or termination
of this Lease; provided, however, that Landlord shall not have the right to
require that Tenant remove any non-structural Alterations or Utility
Installations at the end of the term of this Lease if Landlord shall have
approved such non-structural Alterations or Utility Installations and shall not
have advised Tenant that Landlord would require their removal. Landlord may
require the removal at any time of all or any part of any Tenant Owned
Alterations or Utility Installations made without the required consent of
Landlord.

                (c) SURRENDER/RESTORATION. Tenant shall surrender the Premises
by the Expiration Date or any earlier termination date, with all of the
improvements, parts and surfaces thereof broom clean and free of debris, and in
good operating order, condition and state of repair, ordinary wear and tear
excepted. "Ordinary wear and tear" shall not include any damage or deterioration
that would have been prevented by good maintenance practice. Tenant shall repair
any damage occasioned by the installation, maintenance or removal of Trade
Fixtures, Alterations and/or Utility Installations, furnishings, and equipment
as well as the removal of any storage tank installed by or for


                                       11
<PAGE>   12

Tenant, and the removal, replacement, or remediation of any soil, material or
groundwater contaminated by Tenant. Trade Fixtures shall remain the property of
Tenant and shall be removed by Tenant. The failure by Tenant to timely vacate
the Premises pursuant to this Paragraph 7.4(c) without the express written
consent of Landlord shall constitute a holdover under the provisions of
Paragraph 26 below.

8.      INSURANCE; INDEMNITY.

        8.1. PAYMENT FOR INSURANCE. Tenant shall pay for all insurance required
under Paragraph 8 except to the extent of the cost attributable to liability
insurance carried by Landlord under Paragraph 8.2(b) in excess of $3,000,000 per
occurrence. Premiums for policy periods commencing prior to or extending beyond
the Lease term shall be prorated to correspond to the Lease term. Payment shall
be made by Tenant to Landlord within thirty (30) days following receipt of an
invoice.

                8.2. LIABILITY INSURANCE.

                (a) CARRIED BY TENANT. Tenant shall obtain and keep in force a
Commercial General Liability Policy of Insurance protecting Tenant and Landlord
against claims for bodily injury, personal injury and property damage based upon
or arising out of the ownership, use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises
and all areas appurtenant thereto. Such insurance shall be on an occurrence
basis providing single limit coverage in an amount not less than $3,000,000 with
an "ADDITIONAL INSURED-MANAGERS OR LESSORS OF PREMISES ENDORSEMENT" and contain
the "AMENDMENT OF THE POLLUTION EXCLUSION ENDORSEMENT" for damage caused by
heat, smoke or fumes from a hostile fire. The policy shall not contain any
intra-insured exclusions as between insured persons or organizations, but shall
include coverage for liability assumed under this Lease as an "insured contract"
for the performance of Tenant's indemnity obligations under this Lease. The
limits of said insurance shall not, however, limit the liability of Tenant nor
relieve Tenant of any obligation hereunder. All insurance carried by Tenant
shall be primary to and not contributory with any similar insurance carried by
Landlord, whose insurance shall be considered excess insurance only.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Paragraph 8, Tenant shall be allowed to
self-insure the losses and risks for which Tenant is obligated to maintain
insurance under this Paragraph 8, except the property insurance required under
Paragraph 8.3(a), provided Tenant maintains a net worth of not less than One
Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000). As a condition to Tenant's right to
self-insure, Tenant shall provide Landlord with its most recent annual and/or
quarterly reports showing that Tenant satisfies the foregoing financial
threshold. All such reports shall have been certified by Tenant's chief
financial officer (or officer with equivalent knowledge and authority) to be a
materially accurate reflection of Tenant's net worth and financial condition as
of the date of presentation of such reports to Landlord.


                                       12
<PAGE>   13

                (b) CARRIED BY LANDLORD. Landlord, at its sole cost, shall have
the right to maintain liability insurance as described in Paragraph 8.2(a), in
addition to, and not in lieu of, the insurance required to be maintained by
Tenant. Tenant shall not be named as an additional insured therein.

        8.3. PROPERTY INSURANCE - BUILDING, IMPROVEMENTS AND RENTAL VALUE.

                (a) BUILDING AND IMPROVEMENTS. The Insuring Party shall obtain
 and keep in force a policy or policies of "special form" property insurance in
 the name of Landlord, with loss payable to Landlord, any ground lessor, and to
 any Lender(s) insuring loss or damage to the Premises. Within thirty (30) days
 following receipt of written demand by Landlord, Tenant shall reimburse
 Landlord for cost of such insurance. The amount of such insurance shall be
 equal to the full replacement cost of the Premises, as the same shall exist
 from time to time, or the amount required by any Lenders, but in no event more
 than the commercially reasonable and available insurable value thereof. If
 Landlord is the Insuring Party, however, Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility
 Installations, Trade Fixtures, and Tenant's personal property shall be insured
 by Tenant under Paragraph 8.4 rather than by Landlord. If the coverage is
 available and commercially appropriate, such policy or policies shall insure
 against all risks of direct physical loss or damage including earthquake
 (except the perils of flood unless required by a Lender), including coverage
 for debris removal and the enforcement of any Applicable Requirements requiring
 the upgrading, demolition, reconstruction or replacement of any portion of the
 Premises as the result of a covered loss. Said policy or policies shall also
 contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause, waiver
 of subrogation, and inflation guard protection causing an increase in the
 annual property insurance coverage amount by a factor of not less than the
 adjusted U.S. Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers
 for the city nearest to where the Premises are located. If such insurance
 coverage has a deductible clause, the deductible amount shall not exceed
 $25,000 per occurrence, except earthquake which shall be five percent (5%) of
 Replacement Cost (as defined below) or more, and Tenant shall be liable for
 such deductible amount in the event of an Insured Loss. Alternatively, Tenant
 shall have the right to maintain such property insurance described in this
 paragraph, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, upon not less than thirty (30)
 days prior written notice to Landlord, provided that all requirements of this
 paragraph and Paragraph 8.5 below are met, except that Tenant may provide the
 inflation guard protection on a blanket basis with a limit of insurance equal
 to an amount of, at a minimum, one hundred ten percent (110%) of the value of
 the Premises, with a deductible amount not to exceed $25,000 per occurrence. If
 Tenant shall elect to carry such property insurance, Landlord shall have the
 right to require that Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall also carry
 the rental value insurance described in subparagraph (b) below.


                                       13
<PAGE>   14

                (b) RENTAL VALUE. The Insuring Party shall obtain and keep in
force a policy or policies in the name of Landlord with loss payable to Landlord
and any Lender, insuring the loss of the full Rent for one (1) year. Upon demand
by Landlord, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for cost of such insurance. Said
insurance shall provide that in the event the Lease is terminated by reason of
an insured loss, the period of indemnity for such coverage shall be extended
beyond the date of the completion of repairs or replacement of the Premises, to
provide for one full year's loss of Rent from the date of any such loss. Said
insurance shall contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance
clause, and the amount of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the
projected Rent otherwise payable by Tenant, for the next twelve (12) month
period. Tenant shall be liable for any deductible amount in the event of such
loss.

        8.4. TENANT'S PROPERTY/BUSINESS INTERRUPTION INSURANCE.

                (a) PROPERTY DAMAGE. Tenant shall obtain and maintain insurance
coverage on all of Tenant's personal property, Trade Fixtures, and Tenant Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations. Such insurance shall be full replacement
cost coverage with a deductible of not to exceed $25,000 per occurrence. The
proceeds from any such insurance shall be used by Tenant for the replacement of
personal property, Trade Fixtures and Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations. Tenant shall provide Landlord with written evidence that such
insurance is in force.

                (b) NO REPRESENTATION OF ADEQUATE COVERAGE. Landlord makes no
representation that the limits or forms of coverage of insurance specified
herein are adequate to cover Tenant's property, business operations or
obligations under this Lease.

        8.5. INSURANCE POLICIES. Insurance required herein shall be by companies
duly licensed or admitted to transact business in the state where the Premises
are located, and maintaining during the policy term a "General Policyholders
Rating" of at least B+, V, as set forth in the most current issue of "Best's
Insurance Guide", or such other rating as may be required by a Lender. Tenant
shall not do or permit to be done anything which invalidates the required
insurance policies. Tenant shall, prior to the Commencement Date, deliver to
Landlord certified copies of policies of such insurance or certificates
evidencing the existence and amounts of the required insurance. No such policy
shall be cancelable or subject to reduction except after thirty (30) days prior
written notice to Landlord. Tenant shall, at least ten (10) days prior to the
expiration of such policies, furnish Landlord with evidence of renewals or
"insurance binders" evidencing renewal thereof, or Landlord may order such
insurance and charge the cost thereof to Tenant, which amount shall be payable
by Tenant to Landlord within thirty (30) days following receipt of written
demand. Such policies shall be for a term of at least one year, or the length of
the remaining term of this Lease, whichever is less. If either Party shall fail
to procure and maintain the insurance required to be carried by it, the other
Party may, but


                                       14
<PAGE>   15

shall not be required to, procure and maintain the same. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall have the right to
satisfy the requirements of Paragraphs 8.2(a), 8.3 and 8.4 above if Tenant
insures against such liability and insures Tenant's personal property, Trade
Fixtures and Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility Installations in the amounts
required under such provisions under blanket insurance policies issued
to Tenant, provided that Landlord is named as an additional insured or loss
payee, as the case may be, under such blanket policies, and provided that
coverage allocated to the Premises under such blanket policies is equal to or
greater than the coverage required under such provisions.

        8.6. WAIVER OF SUBROGATION. Without affecting any other rights or
remedies, Tenant and Landlord each hereby release and relieve the other, and
waive their entire right to recover damages against the other, for loss of or
damage to its property arising out of or incident to the perils required to be
insured against herein. The effect of such releases and waivers is not limited
by the amount of insurance carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable
hereto. The Parties agree to have their respective property damage insurance
carriers waive any right to subrogation that such companies may have against
Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, so long as the insurance is not
invalidated thereby.

        8.7. INDEMNITY. Except for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
Landlord, its agents and employees, Tenant shall indemnify, protect, defend and
hold harmless the Premises, Landlord and its agents, Landlord's master or ground
lessor, partners and Lenders, from and against any and all claims, loss of rents
and/or damages, liens, judgments, penalties, attorneys' and consultants' fees,
costs, expenses and/or liabilities arising out of, involving, or in connection
with, the use and/or occupancy of the Premises by Tenant. If any action or
proceeding is brought against Landlord by reason of any of the foregoing
matters, Tenant shall upon notice defend the same at Tenant's expense by counsel
reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and Landlord shall cooperate with Tenant in
such defense. Landlord need not have first paid any such claim in order to be
defended or indemnified. Landlord shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold
harmless Tenant and its agents, partners and lenders from against any and all
claims, damages, liens, judgments, penalties, attorneys' fees and consultants'
fees, expenses and/or liabilities caused by the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of Landlord, its agents or employees.

        8.8. EXEMPTION OF LANDLORD FROM LIABILITY. Landlord shall not be liable
for injury or damage to the person or goods, wares, merchandise or other
property of Tenant, Tenant's employees, contractors, invitees, customers, or any
other person in or about the Premises, whether such damage or injury is caused
by or results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, or from the
breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, fire sprinklers,
wires, appliances, plumbing, HVAC or lighting fixtures, or from


                                       15
<PAGE>   16

any other cause, whether the said injury or damage results from conditions
arising upon the Premises or upon other portions of the Building of which the
Premises are a part, or from other sources or places (unless caused by the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents or employees). Landlord
shall not be liable for any damages arising from any act or neglect of any other
tenant of Landlord. Notwithstanding Landlord's negligence or breach of this
Lease, Landlord shall under no circumstances be liable for injury to Tenant's
business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom.

9.      DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION.

        9.1. DEFINITIONS.

                (a) "PREMISES PARTIAL DAMAGE" shall mean damage or destruction
to the improvements on the Premises, other than Tenant Owned Alterations and
Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures, which can reasonably be repaired in
six (6) months or less from the date of the damage or destruction. Landlord
shall notify Tenant in writing within thirty (30) days from the date of the
damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage is Partial or Total.

                (b) "PREMISES TOTAL DESTRUCTION" shall mean damage or
destruction to the Premises, other than Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations and Trade Fixtures, which cannot reasonably be repaired in six (6)
months or less from the date of the damage or destruction. Landlord shall notify
Tenant in writing within thirty (30) days from the date of the damage or
destruction as to whether or not the damage. is Partial or Total.

                (c) "INSURED LOSS" shall mean damage or destruction to
improvements on the Premises, other than Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations and Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an event required to be
covered by the insurance described in Paragraph 8.3(a), and for which the
insurance proceeds made available to Landlord shall be sufficient to enable
Landlord to fully repair and restore the improvements on the Premises to their
condition prior to the occurrence of such damage or destruction.

                (d) "REPLACEMENT COST" shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild
the improvements owned by Landlord at the time of the occurrence to their
condition existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris
removal and upgrading required by the operation of Applicable Requirements, and
without deduction for depreciation.

                (e) "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE CONDITION" shall mean the occurrence or
discovery of a condition involving the presence of, or a contamination by, a
Hazardous Substance as defined in Paragraph 6.2(a), in, on, or under the
Premises.


                                       16
<PAGE>   17

        9.2. PARTIAL DAMAGE - INSURED LOSS. If a Premises Partial Damage that is
an Insured Loss occurs, then Landlord shall, at Landlord's expense, repair such
damage, including, without limitation, any Alterations and Utility Installations
that Landlord has elected to own in accordance with Landlord's rights under this
Lease (but not Tenant's Trade Fixtures or Tenant Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations) as soon as reasonably possible to the extent of the insurance
proceeds received by Landlord therefor (except as to the deductible which is
Tenant's responsibility) and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect;
provided, however, that Tenant shall, at Landlord's election, make the repair of
any damage or destruction the total cost to repair of which is $10,000 or less,
and, in such event, Landlord shall make any applicable insurance proceeds
available to Tenant on a reasonable basis for that purpose. Tenant shall not be
entitled to reimbursement of any funds contributed by Tenant to repair any such
damage or destruction. Premises Partial Damage due to flood or earthquake shall
be subject to Paragraph 9.3, notwithstanding that there may be some insurance
coverage, but the net proceeds of any such insurance shall be made available for
the repairs if made by either Party.

        9.3. PARTIAL DAMAGE - UNINSURED LOSS. If a Premises Partial Damage that
is not an Insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or willful act of
Tenant (in which event Tenant shall make the repairs at Tenant's expense),
Landlord may either: (i) repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible at
Landlord's expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and
effect, or (ii) terminate this Lease by giving written notice to Tenant within
thirty (30) days after receipt by Landlord of knowledge of the occurrence of
such damage. Such termination shall be effective sixty (60) days following the
date of such notice. In the event Landlord elects to terminate this Lease,
Tenant shall have the right within ten (10) business days after receipt of the
termination notice to give written notice to Landlord of Tenant's commitment to
pay for the repair of such damage without reimbursement from Landlord. Tenant
shall provide Landlord with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within
thirty (30) days after making such commitment. In such event this Lease shall
continue in full force and effect, and Landlord shall proceed to make such
repairs as soon as reasonably possible after the required funds are available.
If Tenant does not make the required commitment, this Lease shall terminate as
of the date specified in the termination notice.

        9.4. TOTAL DESTRUCTION. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if a
Premises Total Destruction occurs, this Lease shall terminate sixty (60) days
following such Destruction. If the damage or destruction was caused by the
negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to
recover Landlord's damages from Tenant, except as provided in Paragraph 8.6.

        9.5. DAMAGE NEAR END OF TERM. If at any time during the last six (6)
months of this Lease there is damage for which the cost to repair exceeds three
(3) months Base


                                       17
<PAGE>   18

Rent, whether or not an Insured Loss, Landlord may terminate this Lease
effective sixty (60) days following the date of occurrence of such damage by
giving a written termination notice to Tenant within thirty (30) days after the
date of occurrence of such damage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Tenant at
that time has an exercisable option to extend this Lease or to purchase the
Premises, then Tenant may preserve this Lease by, (a) exercising such option and
(b) providing Landlord with any shortage in insurance proceeds (or adequate
assurance thereof) needed to make the repairs on or before the earlier of (i)
the date which is ten days after Tenant's receipt of Landlord's written notice
purporting to terminate this Lease, or (ii) the day prior to the date upon which
such option expires. If Tenant duly exercises such option during such period and
provides Landlord with funds (or adequate assurance thereof) to cover any
shortage in insurance proceeds, Landlord shall, at Landlord's commercially
reasonable expense, repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible and this
Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If Tenant fails to exercise such
option and provide such funds or assurance during such period, then this Lease
shall terminate on the date specified in the termination notice and Tenant's
option shall be extinguished.

        9.6. ABATEMENT OF RENT. In the event of Premises Partial Damage or
Premises Total Destruction or a Hazardous Substance Condition for which Tenant
is not responsible under this Lease, the Rent payable by Tenant for the period
required for the repair, remediation or restoration of such damage shall be
abated in proportion to the degree to which Tenant's use of the Premises is
impaired, but not to exceed the proceeds received from the Rental Value
insurance. All other obligations of Tenant hereunder shall be performed by
Tenant, and Landlord shall have no liability for any such damage, destruction,
remediation, repair or restoration except as provided herein.

        9.7. TERMINATION-ADVANCE PAYMENTS. Upon termination of this Lease
pursuant to this Paragraph 9, an equitable adjustment shall be made concerning
advance Base Rent and any other advance payments made by Tenant to Landlord.
Landlord shall, in addition, return to Tenant so much of Tenant's Security
Deposit as has not been, or is not then required to be, used by Landlord.

        9.8. WAIVE STATUTES. Landlord and Tenant agree that the terms of this
Lease shall govern the effect of any damage to or destruction of the Premises
with respect to the termination of this Lease and hereby waive the provisions of
any present or future statute to the extent inconsistent herewith.

10.     REAL PROPERTY TAXES.

        10.1. DEFINITION OF "REAL PROPERTY TAXES." As used herein, the term
"Real Property Taxes" shall include any form of assessment; real estate,
general, special, ordinary or extraordinary, or rental levy or tax (other than
inheritance, personal income or


                                       18
<PAGE>   19

estate taxes); improvement bond; and/or license fee imposed upon or levied
against any legal or equitable interest of Landlord in the Premises, Landlord's
right to other income therefrom, and/or Landlord's business of leasing, by any
authority having the direct or indirect power to tax. The term "Real Property
Taxes" shall also include any tax, fee, levy, assessment or charge, or any
increase therein, imposed by reason of events occurring during the term of this
Lease, including but not limited to, a change in the ownership of the Premises.

        10.2. PAYMENT OF TAXES. Tenant shall pay the Real Property Taxes
applicable to the Premises during the term of this Lease. Subject to Paragraph
10.2(b), all such payments shall be made at least ten (10) days prior to any
delinquency date. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to furnish Tenant with
copies of all Real Property Tax bills promptly following the Landlord's receipt
of such tax bills. Tenant shall promptly furnish Landlord with satisfactory
evidence that such taxes have been paid. If any such taxes shall cover any
period of time prior to or after the expiration or termination of this Lease,
Tenant's share of such taxes shall be prorated to cover only that portion of the
tax bill applicable to the period that this Lease is in effect, and Landlord
shall reimburse Tenant for any overpayment. If Tenant shall fail to pay any
required Real Property Taxes, Landlord shall have the right to pay the same, and
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord therefor within ten (10) days following receipt
of written demand.

        10.3. ADVANCE PAYMENT. In the event Tenant incurs late charges on any
Rent payments more than once during the term of the Lease, Landlord may, at
Landlord's option, estimate the current Real Property Taxes, and require that
such taxes be paid in advance to Landlord by Tenant, either: (I) in a lump sum
amount equal to the installment due, at least twenty (20) days prior to the
applicable delinquency date, or (ii) monthly in advance with the payment of the
Base Rent. If Landlord elects to require payment monthly in advance, the monthly
payment shall be an amount equal to the amount of the estimated installment of
taxes divided by the number of months remaining before the month in which said
installment becomes delinquent. When the actual amount of the applicable tax
bill is known, the amount of such equal monthly advance payments shall be
adjusted as required to provide the funds needed to pay the applicable taxes. If
the amount collected by Landlord is insufficient to pay such Real Property Taxes
when due, Tenant shall pay Landlord, upon demand, such additional sums as are
necessary to pay such obligations. All moneys paid to Landlord under this
Paragraph may be intermingled with other moneys of Landlord and shall not bear
interest. In the event of a Breach, then any balance of funds paid to Landlord
under the provisions of this Paragraph. may at the option of Landlord, be
treated as a, or an additional, Security Deposit.

        10.4. JOINT ASSESSMENT. If the Premises are not separately assessed,
Tenant's liability shall be an equitable proportion of the Real Property Taxes
for all of the land and improvements included within the tax parcel assessed,
such proportion to be conclusively


                                       19
<PAGE>   20

determined by Landlord from the respective valuations assigned in the assessor's
work sheets or such other information as may be reasonably available.

        10.5. PERSONAL PROPERTY TAXES. Tenant shall pay, prior to delinquency,
all taxes assessed against and levied upon Tenant Owned Alterations, Utility
Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property
of Tenant. When possible, Tenant shall cause such property to be assessed and
billed separately from the real property of Landlord. If any of Tenant's said
personal property shall be assessed with Landlord's real property, Tenant shall
pay Landlord the taxes attributable to Tenant's property within thirty (30) days
after receipt of a written statement.

11.     UTILITIES. Tenant shall pay for all water, gas, heat, light, power,
telephone, trash disposal, janitorial and other utilities and services supplied
to the Premises, together with any taxes thereon. Tenant shall pay all other
operating expenses of the Premises; provided, however, Tenant shall not be
obligated to pay to Landlord or to reimburse Landlord for any property
management fees.

12.     ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

        12.1. LANDLORD'S CONSENT REQUIRED.

                (a) Tenant shall not voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation
 of law assign, transfer, mortgage or encumber (collectively, "ASSIGN OR
 ASSIGNMENT") or sublet all or any part of Tenant's interest in this Lease or in
 the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent, which consent shall not
 be unreasonably withheld.

                (b) The involvement of Tenant or its assets in any transaction,
 or series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition, financing,
 transfer, leveraged buy-out or otherwise), whether or not a formal assignment
 or hypothecation of this Lease or Tenant's assets occurs, which results or will
 result in a reduction of the Net Worth of Tenant by an amount greater than
 twenty-five percent (25%) of such Net Worth as it was represented at the time
 of the execution of this Lease or at the time of the most recent assignment to
 which Landlord has consented, or as it exists immediately prior to said
 transaction or transactions constituting such reduction, whichever was or is
 greater, shall be considered an assignment of this Lease to which Landlord may
 withhold its consent. "Net Worth of Tenant" shall mean the net worth of Tenant
 (excluding any guarantors) established under generally accepted accounting
 principles.

                (c) Except as permitted under Paragraph 12.5 below, an
assignment or subletting without consent shall be a Default curable after notice
per Paragraph 13.1 (c).


                                       20
<PAGE>   21

                (d) Tenant's remedy for any breach of Paragraph 12.1 by Landlord
shall be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive relief.

        12.2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

                (a) Regardless of Landlord's consent, any assignment or
subletting shall not: (i) be effective without the express written assumption by
such assignee or subtenant of the obligations of Tenant under this Lease, (ii)
release Tenant of any obligations hereunder, or (iii) alter the primary
liability of Tenant for the payment of Rent or for the performance of any other
obligations to be performed by Tenant.

                (b) Landlord may accept Rent or performance of Tenant's
obligations from any person other than Tenant pending approval or disapproval of
an assignment. Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment
nor the acceptance of Rent or performance shall constitute a waiver or estoppel
of Landlord's right to exercise its remedies for Tenant's Default or Breach.

                (c) Landlord's consent to any assignment or subletting shall not
constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting.

                (d) In the event of any Default or Breach by Tenant, Landlord
may proceed directly against Tenant, any Guarantors or anyone else responsible
for the performance of Tenant's obligations under this Lease, including any
assignee or subtenant, without first exhausting Landlord's remedies against any
other person or entity responsible therefore to Landlord, or any security held
by Landlord.

                (e) Each request for consent to an assignment or subletting
shall be in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Landlord's
determination as to the financial and operational responsibility and
appropriateness of the proposed assignee or subtenant, including but not limited
to the intended use and/or required modification of the Premises, if any,
together with a fee not to exceed $1,000, as consideration for Landlord's
considering and processing said request. Tenant agrees to provide Landlord with
such other or additional information and/or documentation as may be reasonably
requested. Landlord shall provide its written response to Tenant's request for
consent within fifteen (15) days following Landlord's receipt of Tenant's
written request, all required information and the required fee.

                (f) Any assignee of, or subtenant under, this Lease shall, by
reason of accepting such assignment or entering into such sublease, be deemed to
have assumed and agreed to conform and comply with each and every term,
covenant, condition and obligation herein to be observed or performed by Tenant
during the term of said assignment or sublease, other than such obligations as
are contrary to or inconsistent with


                                       21
<PAGE>   22

provisions of an assignment or sublease to which Landlord has specifically
consented to in writing.

        12.3. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SUBLETTING. The
following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by Tenant of all or
any part of the Premises and shall be deemed included in all subleases under
this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated therein:

                (a) Tenant hereby assigns and transfers to Landlord all of
Tenant's interest in all rent and other amounts payable under any sublease, and
Landlord shall have the right to collect such rent and other amounts and apply
the same toward Tenant's obligations under this Lease; provided, however, that
until a Breach shall occur, Tenant may collect such rent and other amounts.
Landlord shall not, by reason of the foregoing or any assignment of such
sublease, nor by reason of the collection of any such rent or other amounts, be
deemed liable to the subtenant for any failure of Tenant to perform and comply
with any of Tenant's obligations to such subtenant. Tenant hereby irrevocably
authorizes and directs any such subtenant, upon receipt of a written notice from
Landlord stating that a Breach exists under this Lease to pay to Landlord all
rent and other amounts due and to become due under the sublease. Subtenant shall
rely upon any such notice from Landlord and shall pay all rent and other amounts
to Landlord without any obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Breach
exists, notwithstanding any claim from Tenant to the contrary.

                (b) In the event of a Breach by Tenant, Landlord may, at its
option, require subtenant to attorn to Landlord, in which event Landlord shall
undertake the obligations of the sublandlord under such sublease from the time
of the exercise of said option to the expiration of such sublease; provided,
however, Landlord shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security deposit
paid by such subtenant to such sublandlord or for any prior Defaults or Breaches
of such sublandlord.

                (c) Any matter requiring the consent of the sublandlord under a
sublease shall also require the consent of Landlord.

                (d) No subtenant shall further assign or sublet all or any part
of the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent.

        12.4. EXCESS RENT. In the event that Tenant shall assign this Lease or
sublease all or any part of the Premises, and Landlord shall consent to such
assignment or sublease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord fifty percent (50%) of any
sums or other economic consideration received by Tenant as a result of such
assignment or sublease (less reasonable, bona fide, out-of-pocket leasing
commissions payable to a third party in connection with such assignment or
sublease, attorneys' fees paid by Tenant in


                                       22
<PAGE>   23

connection with such assignment or sublease and the direct cost of tenant
improvements to the Premises paid for by Tenant in connection with such
assignment or sublease) whether denominated rent or otherwise, which exceed, in
the aggregate, the monthly Base Rent which Tenant is obligated to pay to
Landlord under this Lease (prorated as to any sublease to reflect obligations
allocable to that portion of the Premises subject to such sublease) shall be
payable by Landlord to Tenant as additional Rent under this Lease, without
affecting or reducing any other obligation of Tenant hereunder. At Landlord's
request, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord such evidence of the sums or other
economic consideration received by Tenant as a result of the assignment or
sublease, and the amounts deducted therefrom for purposes of calculating
Landlord's share of such sums or other economic consideration, as Landlord shall
reasonably require from time to time.


        12.5. PERMITTED TRANSFERS. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraphs
12.1(a), 12.2(a)(i), 12.2(e) and 12.3(d) (as to assignments or subleases to
Tenant or another permitted transferee) above, provided that Intuit Inc. is the
Tenant, Tenant shall have the right to assign this Lease or sublease the
Premises to any entity in which Intuit Inc. owns not less than twenty-five
percent (25%) of the issuing and outstanding capital stock, partnership
interests or membership interests, as applicable; provided, however, that no
such assignment or sublease shall release Tenant from any of its obligations
under this Lease, or alter, impair or diminish the primary liability of Tenant
to pay the Rent and perform all other obligations to be performed by Tenant
hereunder. Further, and notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraphs 12.1(a),
12.2(a)(i), 12.2(e) and 12.3(d) (as to assignments or subleases to Tenant or
another permitted transferee) above, Tenant shall have the right to assign this
Lease or sublease the Premises to any entity into which or with which Tenant is
merged or consolidated; provided, however, that no such assignment or sublease
shall release Tenant from any of its obligations under this Lease, or alter,
impair or diminish the primary liability of Tenant to pay the Rent and perform
all other obligations to be performed by the Tenant hereunder if and to the
extent Tenant survives as an entity following the merger or consolidation. The
provisions of Paragraph 12.4 above shall not apply to any such assignment or
sublease under this Paragraph 12.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
assignment or sublease described in this Paragraph 12.5 shall not require the
consent of Landlord only if the proposed use of the Premises by the proposed
assignee or subtenant shall (a) comply with the provisions of Paragraph 6.1
hereof, (b) not increase the likelihood of damage or destruction to the
Premises, (c) not materially increase the density of occupancy of the Premises,
(d) not be likely to cause a material increase in the insurance premiums for
insurance policies carried by Landlord with respect to the Premises, (e) not
result in the use on or about the Premises of any Hazardous Substances not used
by Tenant on the Premises in compliance with this Lease or which are in
concentrations or amounts materially in excess of the concentrations or amounts
of such Hazardous Substances used by Tenant on the Premises


                                       23
<PAGE>   24
in compliance with this Lease, or (f) not otherwise materially adversely impact
the Premises or Landlord's interest therein.

13.     DEFAULT; BREACH; REMEDIES.

        13.1. DEFAULT; BREACH. A "Default" is defined as a failure by the
Tenant to comply with or perform any of the terms, covenants, conditions or
rules under this Lease or the occurrence of any of the other events or
conditions described below. A "Breach" is defined as the occurrence of one or
more of the following Defaults, and the failure of Tenant to cure such Default
within any applicable grace period:

                (a) The abandonment of the Premises; or the vacating of the
Premises without providing a commercially reasonable level of security, or where
the coverage of the property insurance described in Paragraph 8.3 is jeopardized
as a result thereof, or without providing reasonable assurances to minimize
potential vandalism.

                (b) The failure of Tenant to make any payment of Rent or any
Security Deposit required to be made by Tenant hereunder, whether to Landlord or
to a third party, when due; provided, however, that, on not more than two
occasions during each year of the term of this Lease, Tenant's failure to make
any payment of Rent when due shall not constitute a Breach unless such failure
shall continue for more than 15 days following written notice thereof from
Landlord.

                (c) The failure by Tenant to provide (i) reasonable written
evidence of compliance with Applicable Requirements, (ii) the service contracts,
(iii) the rescission of an unauthorized assignment or subletting, (iv) an
Estoppel Certificate, (v) a requested subordination, (vi) evidence concerning
any guaranty and/or Guarantor, (vii) any document requested under Paragraph 42
(easements), (viii) reasonable evidence of insurance or surety bond, or to
fulfill any obligation under this Lease which endangers or threatens life or
property; or (ix) any other documentation or information which Landlord may
reasonably require of Tenant under the terms of this Lease, where any such
failure continues for a period of fifteen (15) days following written notice to
Tenant.

                (d) A Default by Tenant as to the terms, covenants, conditions
or provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 40 hereof,
other than those described in subparagraphs 13.1 (a), (b) or (c), above, where
such Default continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice;
provided, however, that if the nature of Tenant's Default is such that more than
thirty (30) days are reasonably required for its cure, then it shall not be
deemed to be a Breach if Tenant commences such cure within said thirty (30) day
period and thereafter diligently prosecutes such cure to completion within an
additional thirty (30) days.


                                       24
<PAGE>   25

                (e) The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the
making of any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(ii) becoming a "debtor" as defined in 11 U.S.C. Section 101 or any successor
statute thereto (unless, in the case of a petition filed against Tenant, the
same is dismissed within sixty (60) days); (iii) the appointment of a trustee or
receiver to take possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets located at
the Premises or of Tenant's interest in this Lease, where possession is not
restored to Tenant within thirty (30) days; or (iv) the attachment, execution or
other judicial seizure of substantially all of Tenant's assets located at the
Premises or of Tenant's interest in this Lease, where such seizure is not
discharged within thirty (30) days; provided, however, in the event that any
provision of this subparagraph (e) is contrary to any applicable law, such
provision shall be of no force or effect, and not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions.

                (f) The discovery that any financial statement of Tenant or of
any Guarantor given to Landlord was materially false at the time delivered to
Landlord.

                (g) If the performance of Tenant's obligations under this Lease
is guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of a
Guarantor's liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with
the terms of such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor's becoming insolvent or the
subject of a bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor's refusal to honor the
guaranty, or (v) a Guarantor's breach of its guaranty obligation on an
anticipatory basis, and Tenant's failure, within sixty (60) days following
written notice of any such event, to provide written alternative assurance or
security, which, when coupled with the then existing resources of Tenant, equals
or exceeds the combined financial resources of Tenant and the Guarantors that
existed at the time of execution of this Lease.

        13.2. REMEDIES. If Tenant fails to perform any of its affirmative duties
or obligations, within fifteen (15) days after written notice (or in case of an
emergency, without notice), Landlord may, at its option, perform such duty or
obligation on Tenant's behalf, including but not limited to the obtaining of
reasonably required bonds, insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits
or approvals. The costs and expenses of any such performance by Landlord shall
be due and payable by Tenant within ten (10) days following receipt of an
invoice therefor. If more than one check given to Landlord by Tenant shall not
be honored by the bank upon which it is drawn, Landlord, at its option, may
require future payments to be made by Tenant to be by cashiers check. In the
event of a Breach, Landlord may, with or without further notice or demand, and
without limiting Landlord in the exercise of any right or remedy which Landlord
may have by reason of such Breach:

               (a) Terminate Tenant's right to possession of the Premises by any
lawful means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and Tenant shall
immediately surrender possession to Landlord. In such event Landlord shall be
entitled to recover from Tenant:


                                       25
<PAGE>   26

(i) the unpaid Rent which had been earned at the time of termination; (ii) the
worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would
have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of
such rental loss that the Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided;
(iii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for
the balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such
rental loss that the Tenant proves could be reasonably avoided; and (iv) any
other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately
caused by the Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or
which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom,
including but not limited to the cost of recovering possession of the Premises,
expenses of reletting, including necessary renovation and alteration of the
Premises, reasonable attorneys' fees, and that portion of any leasing commission
paid by Landlord in connection with this Lease applicable to the unexpired term
of this Lease. The worth at the time of award of the amount referred to in
provision (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be computed by
discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of the
District within which the Premises are located at the time of award plus one
percent (1%). The worth at the time of award of the amounts referred to in
clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be computed by allowing interest at the rate
provided for in Paragraph 13.5 below. Efforts by Landlord to mitigate damages
caused by Tenant's Breach of this Lease shall not waive Landlord's right to
recover damages under this Paragraph 13. If termination of this Lease is
obtained through the provisional remedy of unlawful detainer, Landlord shall
have the right to recover in such proceeding any unpaid Rent and damages as are
recoverable therein, or Landlord may reserve the right to recover all or any
part thereof in a separate suit. If a notice and grace period required under
Paragraph 13.1 was not previously given, a notice to pay rent or quit, or to
perform or quit given to Tenant under the unlawful detainer statute shall also
constitute the notice required by Paragraph 13.1. In such case, the applicable
grace period required by Paragraph 13.1 and the unlawful detainer statute shall
run concurrently, and the failure of Tenant to cure the Default within the
greater of the two such grace periods shall constitute both an unlawful detainer
and a Breach of this Lease entitling Landlord to the remedies provided for in
this Lease and/or by said statute.

                (b) Continue the Lease and Tenant's right to possession and
recover the Rent as it becomes due. Acts of maintenance, efforts to relet,
and/or the appointment of a receiver to protect the Landlord's interests, shall
not constitute a termination of the Tenant's right to possession.

                (c) Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available under the
laws or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are located. The
expiration or termination of this Lease and/or the termination of Tenant's right
to possession shall not relieve Tenant from liability under any indemnity
provisions of this Lease as to matters


                                       26
<PAGE>   27

occurring or accruing during the term hereof or by reason of Tenant's occupancy
of the Premises.

        13.3. LATE CHARGES. Tenant hereby acknowledges that late payment by
Tenant of Rent will cause Landlord to incur costs not contemplated by this
Lease, the exact amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Such
costs include, but are not limited to, processing and accounting charges, and
late charges which may be imposed upon Landlord by any Lender. Accordingly, if
any Rent shall not be received by Landlord within ten (10) days after such
amount shall be due, then, without any requirement for notice to Tenant, Tenant
shall pay to Landlord a late charge equal to five percent (5%) of each such
overdue amount for each month that such amount shall remain unpaid. The parties
hereby agree that such late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of
the costs Landlord will incur by reason of such late payment. Acceptance of such
late charge by Landlord shall in no event constitute a waiver of Tenant's
Default or Breach with respect to such overdue amount, nor prevent the exercise
of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. In the event that a
late charge is payable hereunder, whether or not collected, for three (3)
consecutive installments of Base Rent, then notwithstanding any provision of
this Lease to the contrary, Base Rent shall, at Landlord's option, become due
and payable quarterly in advance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in the foregoing provision, on not more than one occasion in any year
throughout the term of this Lease, Landlord shall not require that Tenant pay
the late charge otherwise payable with respect to an overdue installment or
payment of Rent if Tenant shall pay such Rent in full to Landlord within five
(5) days following the date of written notice thereof from Landlord.

        13.4. INTEREST. Any monetary payment due Landlord hereunder, other than
late charges, not received by Landlord when due as to scheduled payments (such
as Base Rent) or within thirty (30) days following the date on which it was due
for non-scheduled payment, shall bear interest from the date when due, as to
scheduled payments, or the thirty-first (31st) day after it was due as to
non-scheduled payments. The interest ("Interest") charged shall be equal to the
prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal as published closest prior to the
date when due plus one percent (1%), but shall not exceed the maximum rate
allowed by law. Interest is payable in addition to the late charge provided for
in Paragraph 13.3.

        13.5. BREACH BY LANDLORD. Landlord shall not be deemed in breach of this
Lease unless Landlord fails within a reasonable time to perform an obligation
required to be performed by Landlord. For purposes of this Paragraph, a
reasonable time shall in no event be more than thirty (30) days after receipt by
Landlord, and any Lender whose name and address shall have been furnished Tenant
in writing for such purpose, of written notice specifying wherein such
obligation of Landlord has not been performed; provided, however, that if the
nature of Landlord's obligation is such that more than thirty (30) days


                                       27
<PAGE>   28

are reasonably required for its performance, then Landlord shall not be in
breach if performance is commenced within such thirty (30) day period and
thereafter diligently pursued to completion.

14.     CONDEMNATION. If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the
power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the exercise of said power
(collectively "Condemnation"), this Lease shall terminate as to the part taken
as of the date the condemning authority takes title or possession, whichever
first occurs. If more than ten percent (10%) of building area portion of the
Premises is taken by Condemnation, Tenant may, at Tenant's option, to be
exercised in writing within ten (10) business days after Landlord shall have
given Tenant written notice of such taking (or in the absence of such notice,
within ten (10) business days after the condemning authority shall have taken
possession), terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning authority takes
such possession. If Tenant does not terminate this Lease in accordance with the
foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect as to the portion of
the Premises remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be reduced in proportion
to the reduction in utility of the Premises caused by such Condemnation.
Condemnation awards and/or payments shall be the property of Landlord, whether
such award shall be made as compensation for diminution in value of the
leasehold, the value of the part taken, or for severance damages; provided,
however, that Tenant shall be entitled to any compensation for Tenant's
relocation expenses and/or Trade Fixtures, without regard to whether or not this
Lease is terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph. In the event
that this Lease is not terminated by reason of the Condemnation, Landlord shall
repair any damage to the Premises caused by such Condemnation to the extent of
any condemnation proceeds received by Landlord as severance damages.

15.     BROKERS' FEE.

        15.1. Representations and Indemnities of Broker Relationships. Tenant
and Landlord each represent and warrant to the other that it has had no dealings
with any person, firm, broker or finder (other than the Brokers) in connection
with this Lease, and that no one other than said named Brokers is entitled to
any commission or finder's fee in connection herewith. Tenant and Landlord do
each hereby agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold the other harmless from
and against liability for compensation or charges which may be claimed by any
such unnamed broker, finder or other similar party by reason of any dealings or
actions of the indemnifying Party, including any costs, expenses, and attorneys'
fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto. Tenant acknowledges that J.
Douglas Finney of Landlord is a licensed California real estate broker or
sales-person, and that J. Douglas Finney shall have no fiduciary or other
obligations to Tenant by reason thereof.


                                       28
<PAGE>   29

16.     ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES.

                (a) Each Party (as "Responding Party") shall within fifteen (15)
days after written notice from the other Party (the "Requesting Party") execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in writing in form
similar to the then most current "Estoppel Certificate" form published by the
American Industrial Real Estate Association, plus such additional information,
confirmation and/or statements as may be reasonably requested by the Requesting
Party.

                (b) If the Responding Party shall fail to execute or deliver the
Estoppel Certificate within such fifteen day period, the Requesting Party may
execute an Estoppel Certificate stating that: (i) the Lease is in full force
and effect without modification except as may be represented by the Requesting
Party, (ii) there are no uncured defaults in the Requesting Party's performance,
and (iii) if Landlord is the Requesting Party, not more than one month's rent
has been paid in advance. Prospective purchasers and encumbrancers may rely upon
the Requesting Party's Estoppel Certificate, and the Responding Party shall be
estopped from denying the truth of the facts contained in said Certificate.

                (c) If Landlord desires to finance, refinance, or sell the
Premises, or any part thereof, Tenant and all Guarantors shall deliver to any
potential lender or purchaser designated by Landlord such financial statements
as may be reasonably required by such lender or purchaser, including but not
limited to Tenant's financial statements for the past three (3) years. All such
financial statements shall be received by Landlord and such lender or purchaser
in confidence and shall be used only for the purposes herein set forth.

17.     DEFINITION OF LANDLORD. The term "Landlord" as used herein shall mean
the owner or owners at the time in question of the fee title to the Premises,
or, if this is a sublease, of the Tenant's interest in the prior lease. In the
event of a transfer of Landlord's title or interest in the Premises or this
Lease, Landlord shall deliver to the transferee or assignee (in cash or by
credit) any unused Security Deposit held by Landlord. Upon such transfer or
assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid, and the express
assumption of Landlord's obligations under this Lease by the transferee, the
prior Landlord shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the
obligations and/or covenants under this Lease thereafter to be performed by the
Landlord. Subject to the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this
Lease to be performed by the Landlord shall be binding only upon the Landlord as
hereinabove defined.

18.     SEVERABILITY. The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way affect the
validity of any other provision hereof.


                                       29
<PAGE>   30

19.     DAYS. Unless otherwise specifically indicated to the contrary, the word
"days" as used in this Lease shall mean and refer to calendar days.

20.     LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 17
above, the obligations of Landlord under this Lease shall not constitute
personal obligations of Landlord, the individual partners of Landlord or its or
their individual partners, directors, officers or shareholders, and Tenant shall
look to the Premises, and to no other assets of Landlord, for the satisfaction
of any liability of Landlord with respect to this Lease, and shall not seek
recourse against the individual partners of Landlord, or its or their individual
partners, directors, officers or shareholders, or any of their personal assets
for such satisfaction.

21.     TIME OF ESSENCE. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance
of all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties under this Lease.

22.     NO PRIOR OR OTHER AGREEMENTS; BROKER DISCLAIMER. This Lease contains all
agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter mentioned herein, and
no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective.
Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants to the Brokers that it has
made, and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature,
quality, character and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease
and as to the nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers have no
responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach
hereof by either Party. The liability (including court costs and attorneys'
fees) of any Broker with respect to negotiation, execution, delivery or
performance by either Landlord or Tenant under this Lease or any amendment or
modification hereto shall be limited to an amount up to the fee received by such
Broker pursuant to this Lease; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation
on each Broker's liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Broker.

23.     NOTICES.

        23.1. NOTICE REQUIREMENTS. All notices required or permitted by this
Lease shall be in writing and may be delivered in person (by hand or by courier,
including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or may be sent by
regular, certified or registered mail or U.S. Postal Service Express Mail, with
postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, and shall be deemed sufficiently
given if served in a manner specified in this Paragraph 23. The addresses noted
adjacent to a Party's signature on this Lease shall be that Party's address for
delivery or mailing of notices. Either Party may by written notice to the other
specify a different address for notice. A copy of all notices to Landlord shall
be concurrently transmitted to such party or parties at such addresses as
Landlord may from time to time hereafter designate in writing.


                                       30
<PAGE>   31

        23.2. DATE OF NOTICE. Any notice sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of delivery shown on
the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark thereon. If sent
by regular mail the notice shall be deemed given forty-eight (48) hours after
the same is addressed as required herein and mailed with postage prepaid.
Notices delivered by United States Express Mail or overnight courier that
guarantee next day delivery shall be deemed given twenty-four (24) hours after
delivery of the same to the Postal Service or courier. Notices transmitted by
facsimile transmission or similar means shall be deemed delivered upon telephone
confirmation of receipt, provided a copy is also delivered via delivery or mail.
If notice is received on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, it shall be deemed
received on the next business day.

24.     WAIVERS. No waiver by Landlord of the Default or Breach of any term,
covenant or condition hereof by Tenant, shall be deemed a waiver of any other
term, covenant or condition hereof, or of any subsequent Default or Breach by
Tenant of the same or of any other term, covenant or condition hereof.
Landlord's consent to, or approval of, any act shall not be deemed to render
unnecessary the obtaining of Landlord's consent to, or approval of, any
subsequent or similar act by Tenant, or be construed as the basis of an estoppel
to enforce the provision or provisions of this Lease requiring such consent. The
acceptance of Rent by Landlord shall not be a waiver of any Default or Breach by
Tenant. Any payment by Tenant may be accepted by Landlord on account of moneys
or damages due Landlord, notwithstanding any qualifying statements or conditions
made by Tenant in connection therewith, which such statements and/or conditions
shall be of no force or effect whatsoever unless specifically agreed to in
writing by Landlord at or before the time of deposit of such payment.

25.     RECORDING. Tenant shall have no right to record any memorandum, short
form or other instrument relating to this Lease without Landlord's prior written
consent. Upon Landlord's request, Tenant shall execute, acknowledge and deliver
to Landlord a memorandum of this Lease for recording purposes.

26.     NO RIGHT TO HOLDOVER. Tenant has no right to retain possession of the
Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or termination of this Lease
without Landlord's written consent. In the event that Tenant holds over without
Landlord's written consent, then the Base Rent and all other amounts payable by
Tenant under this Lease shall be increased to one hundred fifty percent (150%)
of the amounts thereof applicable during the month immediately preceding the
expiration or termination of this Lease. Nothing contained herein shall be
construed as consent by Landlord to any holding over by Tenant. If Tenant shall
hold over with Landlord's written consent, than the Base Rent and other amounts
payable by Tenant under this Lease shall be increased to one hundred twenty five
percent (125%) of the amounts thereof applicable during the month immediately
preceding the expiration or termination of this Lease. If upon expiration of


                                       31
<PAGE>   32

the term of this Lease, Tenant shall holdover with Landlord's written consent,
and at such time the Parties are negotiating a renewal of the Lease in good
faith; then Tenant shall not be obligated to pay the increase in Rent required
under the preceding sentence; provided, however, that (a) upon agreement on such
renewal, Base Rent and other amounts payable by Tenant under this Lease shall be
deemed to have accrued from the date of expiration of the term of this Lease at
the new rates agreed upon by the Parties, and Tenant shall promptly pay to
Landlord the amount of any shortfall in Rent payments during such period of
time, and (b) if Landlord and Tenant shall not agree upon such renewal, Base
Rent and other amounts payable by Tenant under this Lease shall be deemed to
have accrued from the date of expiration of the term of this Lease at the rate
in effect as of the Expiration Date.

27.     CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed
exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies at
law or in equity.

28.     COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS; CONSTRUCTION OF AGREEMENT. All provisions of
this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant are both covenants and
conditions. In construing this Lease, all headings and titles are for the
convenience of the Parties only and shall not be considered a part of this
Lease. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural
and vice versa. This Lease shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the
Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if both Parties
had prepared it.

29.     BINDING EFFECT; CHOICE OF LAW. This Lease shall be binding upon the
parties, their personal representatives, successors and assigns and be governed
by the laws of the State in which the Premises are located. Any litigation
between the Parties hereto concerning this Lease shall be initiated in the
county in which the Premises are located.

30.     SUBORDINATION; ATTORNMENT; NON-DISTURBANCE.

        30.1. SUBORDINATION. This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall be
subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of trust, or other
hypothecation or security device (collectively, "Security Device"), now or
hereafter placed upon the Premises, to any and all advances made on the security
thereof, and to all renewals, modifications, and extensions thereof. Tenant
agrees that the holders of any such Security Devices (in this Lease together
referred to as "Lender") shall have no liability or obligation to perform any of
the obligations of Landlord under this Lease. Subject to the non-disturbance
provisions of Paragraph 30.3, Tenant agrees to execute and deliver upon demand
such further instruments evidencing such subordination of this Lease and any
Option to any Security Device as may be reasonably required by Landlord or any
Lender. Any Lender may elect to have this Lease and/or any Option granted hereby
superior to


                                       32
<PAGE>   33

the lien of its Security Device by giving written notice thereof to Tenant,
whereupon this Lease and such Options shall be deemed prior to such Security
Device, notwithstanding the relative dates of the documentation or recordation
thereof.

        30.2. ATTORNMENT. Subject to the non-disturbance provisions of Paragraph
30.3, Tenant agrees to attorn to a Lender or any other party who acquires
ownership of the Premises by reason of a foreclosure of a Security Device, and
that in the event of such foreclosure, such new owner shall not: (i) be liable
for any act or omission of any prior landlord or with respect to events
occurring prior to acquisition of ownership, but such new owner shall
nonetheless be required to perform the obligations of Landlord during the period
of such new owner's ownership of the Premises; (ii) be subject to any offsets or
defenses which Tenant might have against any prior landlord, or (iii) be bound
by prepayment of more than one (1) month's rent.

        30.3. NON-DISTURBANCE. With respect to Security Devices entered into by
Landlord after the execution of this Lease, Tenant's subordination of this Lease
shall be subject to receiving a commercially reasonable non-disturbance
agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Tenant, Tenant's acceptance not to
be unreasonably withheld (a "Non-Disturbance Agreement") from the Lender which
Non-Disturbance Agreement provides that Tenant's possession of the Premises,
and this Lease, including any options to extend the term hereof, will not be
disturbed so long as Tenant is not in Default hereunder and attorns to the
record owner of the Premises. Further, within sixty (60) days after the
execution of this Lease, Landlord shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain a Non-Disturbance Agreement from the holder of any pre-existing
Security Device which is secured by the Premises.

        30.4. SELF-EXECUTING. The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30
shall be effective without the execution of any further documents; provided,
however, that, upon written request from Landlord or a Lender in connection with
a sale, financing or refinancing of the Premises, Tenant and Landlord shall
execute such further writings as may be reasonably required to separately
document any subordination, attornment and/or Non-Disturbance Agreement provided
for herein.

31.     ATTORNEYS' FEES. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding
involving the Premises to enforce the terms hereof or to declare rights
hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any such proceeding,
action, or appeal thereon, shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees. Such
fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether or
not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision or judgment. The term,
"Prevailing Party" shall include, without limitation, a Party or Broker who
substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the case may be, whether
by compromise, settlement, judgment, or the abandonment by the other Party or
Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys' fees award shall not be computed
in


                                       33
<PAGE>   34

accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse
all attorneys' fees reasonably incurred.

32.     LANDLORD'S ACCESS; SHOWING PREMISES; REPAIRS. Landlord and Landlord's
agents shall have the right to enter the Premises at any time, in the case of an
emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times upon not less than 48 hours'
advance notice delivered during regular business hours, for the purpose of
showing the same to prospective purchasers, lenders, or tenants, and making such
alterations, repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises as Landlord may
deem reasonably necessary. All such activities shall be without abatement of
rent or liability to Tenant; provided, however, that Landlord shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to minimize interference with the operation of
Tenant's business in the Premises. Landlord may at any time place on the
Premises any ordinary "For Sale" signs and Landlord may during the last six (6)
months of the term hereof place on the Premises any ordinary "For Lease" signs.

33.     AUCTIONS. Tenant shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, any
auction upon the Premises without Landlord's prior written consent. Landlord
shall not be obligated to exercise any standard of reasonableness in determining
whether to permit an auction.

34.     SIGNS. Tenant shall not place any sign upon the Premises without
Landlord's prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant, at its
sole cost and expense, shall have the right to install monument and/or building
signage identifying its occupancy of the Premises, subject to Landlord's prior
written approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and
subject to any sign ordinance or other required governmental approvals. All
signs must comply with all Applicable Requirements.

35.     TERMINATION; MERGER. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by
Landlord, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant, the mutual
termination or cancellation hereof, or a termination hereof by Landlord for
Breach by Tenant, shall automatically terminate any sublease or lesser estate in
the Premises; provided, however, that Landlord may elect to continue any one or
all existing subtenancies. Landlord's failure within ten (10) days following any
such event to elect to the contrary by written notice to the holder of any such
lesser interest, shall constitute Landlord's election to have such event
constitute the termination of such interest.

36.     CONSENTS. Landlord's actual reasonable costs and expenses (including but
not limited to architects', attorneys', engineers' and other consultants' fees)
incurred in the consideration of, or in response to, a request by Tenant for any
Landlord consent, including but not limited to consents to an assignment, a
subletting or the presence or use of a Hazardous Substance, shall be paid by
Tenant upon receipt of an invoice and supporting documentation therefor;
provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply to approvals granted by
Landlord in conjunction with Tenant's Work under Paragraph


                                       34
<PAGE>   35

55.2 below. Landlord's consent to any act, assignment or subletting shall not
constitute an acknowledgment that no Default or Breach by Tenant of this Lease
exists, nor shall such consent be deemed a waiver of any then existing Default
or Breach, except as may be otherwise specifically stated in writing by Landlord
at the time of such consent. The failure to specify herein any particular
condition to Landlord's consent shall not preclude the imposition by Landlord at
the time of consent of such further or other conditions as are then reasonable
with reference to the particular matter for which consent is being given. In the
event that either Party disagrees with any determination made by the other
hereunder and reasonably requests the reasons for such determination, the
determining party shall furnish its reasons in writing and in reasonable detail
within ten (10) business days following such request.

37.     GUARANTOR.

        37.1. Execution. The Guarantors, if any, shall each execute a guaranty
in the form most recently published by the American Industrial Real Estate
Association, and each such Guarantor shall have the same obligations as Tenant
under this Lease.

        37.2. DEFAULT. It shall constitute a Default of the Tenant if any
Guarantor fails or refuses, upon request to provide: (a) evidence of the
execution of the guaranty, including the authority of the party signing on
Guarantor's behalf to obligate Guarantor, and in the case of a corporate
Guarantor, a certified copy of a resolution of its board of directors
authorizing the making of such guaranty, (b) current financial statements, (c)
an Estoppel Certificate, or (d) written confirmation that the guaranty is still
in effect.

38.     QUIET POSSESSION. Subject to payment by Tenant of the Rent and
performance of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on Tenant's part
to be observed and performed under this Lease, Tenant shall have quiet
possession and quiet enjoyment of the Premises during the term hereof as against
any parties lawfully claiming under Landlord.

39.     OPTIONS.

        39.1. DEFINITION. "Option" shall mean: (a) the right to extend the term
of or renew this Lease or to extend or renew any lease that Tenant has on other
property of Landlord; (b) the right of first refusal or first offer to lease
either the Premises or other property of Landlord; (c) the right to purchase or
the right of first refusal to purchase the Premises or other property of
Landlord.

        39.2. OPTIONS PERSONAL TO ORIGINAL TENANT. Each Option granted to Tenant
in this Lease is personal to the original Tenant and to any permitted transferee
under Paragraph 12.5 above, and cannot be assigned or exercised by anyone other
than said


                                       35
<PAGE>   36

 original Tenant (or permitted transferee) and only while the original Tenant
 (or permitted transferee) is in full possession of the Premises and, if
 requested by Landlord, with Tenant certifying that Tenant has no intention of
 thereafter assigning or subletting.

        39.3. MULTIPLE OPTIONS. In the event that Tenant has any multiple
Options to extend or renew this Lease, a later Option cannot be exercised unless
the prior Options have been validly exercised.

        39.4. EFFECT OF DEFAULT ON OPTIONS.

                (a) Tenant shall have no right to exercise an Option: (i) during
the time Tenant is in Breach of this Lease, or (ii) in the event of any holding
over under this Lease without Landlord's written consent following the
expiration of the Original Term or any Lease Renewal Term.

                (b) The period of time within which an Option may be exercised
shall not be extended or enlarged by reason of Tenant's inability to exercise an
Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a).

                (c) An Option shall terminate and be of no further force or
effect, notwithstanding Tenant's due and timely exercise of the Option, if,
after such exercise and prior to the commencement of the extended term, Tenant
commits a Breach of this Lease.

40.     RULES. Tenant agrees that it will observe all reasonable rules and
regulations which Landlord may make from time to time for the management,
safety, and care of the Premises, including the care and cleanliness of the
grounds.

41.     SECURITY MEASURES. Tenant hereby acknowledges that the rental payable to
Landlord hereunder does not include the cost of guard service or other security
measures, and that Landlord shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same.
Tenant assumes all responsibility for the protection of the Premises, Tenant,
its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties.

42.     RESERVATIONS. Landlord reserves to itself the right, from time to time,
to grant, without the consent or joinder of Tenant, such easements, rights and
dedications that Landlord deems necessary, and to cause the recordation of
parcel maps and restrictions, so long as such easements, rights, dedications,
maps and restrictions do not unreasonably interfere with the use of the Premises
by Tenant. Tenant agrees to sign any documents reasonably requested by Landlord
to effectuate any such easement rights, dedication, map or restrictions.


                                       36
<PAGE>   37

43.     COUNTERPARTS. This Lease may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken
together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

44.     AUTHORITY. If either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, limited
liability company, partnership, or similar entity, each individual executing
this Lease on behalf of such entity represents and warrants that he or she is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on its behalf. Each party
shall, within thirty (30) days after written request, deliver to the other party
satisfactory evidence of such authority.

45.     CONFLICT. Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and
the typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled by the typewritten
or handwritten provisions.

46.     OFFER. Preparation of this Lease by either Party or their agent and
submission of same to the other Party shall not be deemed an offer to lease to
the other Party. This Lease is not intended to be binding until executed and
delivered by all Parties hereto.

47.     AMENDMENTS. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the
Parties in interest at the time of the modification. As long as they do not
materially change Tenant's obligations or entitlements hereunder, Tenant agrees
to make such reasonable, non-monetary modifications to this Lease as may be
reasonably required by a Lender in connection with the obtaining of financing or
refinancing of the Premises.

48.     MULTIPLE PARTIES. If more than one person or entity is named herein as
either Landlord or Tenant, such multiple Parties shall have joint and several
responsibility to comply with the terms of this Lease.

49.     MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES. An Addendum requiring the
Mediation and/or the Arbitration of all disputes between the Parties and/or
Brokers arising out of this Lease is not attached to this Lease.

50.     COMPLIANCE WITH AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT. Tenant, at its sole
cost and expense, shall be solely responsible for the installation and cost of
any and all improvements, alterations or other work required on or to the
Premises or to any other portion of the property and/or building of which the
Premises are a part, required or reasonably necessary under Applicable
Requirements because of (i) the use to which the Premises or any portion thereof
is put, or any alterations, additions, improvements, or other work constructed
on or about the Premises; (ii) the use to which the Premises or any portion
thereof is put (or any alterations, additions, improvements or other work
constructed) by any assignee or subtenant under any assignment or sublease; or
(iii) both, including any improvements, alterations or other work required under
the Americans


                                       37
<PAGE>   38

With Disabilities Act of 1990. Compliance with the provisions of this Paragraph
shall be a condition of Landlord granting its consent to any assignment or
sublease of all or a portion of this Lease and the Premises described in this
Lease. Landlord and Cornish & Carey Commercial make no representation or
warranty with respect to compliance or noncompliance of the facility or any
contemplated use with ADA requirements. Cornish & Carey Commercial recommends
that Tenant consult its attorney to determine if this act applies to Tenant and
if so the requirements that must be met. The applicability of the act is a legal
issue and Cornish & Carey Commercial cannot give Tenant legal advice on such
matters.

51.     TOXIC CONTAMINATION DISCLOSURE. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that
they have been advised that numerous federal, state, and/or local laws,
ordinances and regulations ("Laws") affect the existence and removal, storage,
disposal, leakage of and contamination by materials designated as hazardous or
toxic ("Toxics"). Many materials, some utilized in everyday business activities
and property maintenance, are designated as hazardous or toxic. Some of the Laws
require that Toxics be removed or cleaned up by landowners, future landowners or
former landowners without regard to whether the party required to pay for "clean
up" caused the contamination, owned the property at the time the contamination
occurred or even knew about the contamination. Some items, such as asbestos or
PCBs, which were legal when installed, now are classified as Toxics, and are
subject to removal requirements. Civil lawsuits for damages resulting from
Toxics may be filed by third parties in certain circumstance. Cornish & Carey
Commercial has recommended, and hereby recommends, that each of the parties have
competent professional environmental specialists review the Premises and make
recommended tests so that a reasonably informed assessment of these matters can
be made by each of the parties. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that neither
Cornish & Carey Commercial nor its agents or salespersons have been retained to
investigate or arrange investigation by others, and have not made any
recommendations or representations with regard to the presence or absence of
Toxics on, in or beneath the Premises. Landlord and Tenant agree that they will
rely only on persons who are experts in this field and will obtain such expert
advice so each of them will be as fully informed as possible with regards to
Toxics in entering into this Agreement.

52.     FIRST OPTION TO RENEW. Tenant is given the option to extend the term of
this Lease upon all the provisions contained in this Lease, except that the
monthly Base Rent shall be equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the Fair Market
Rent (as defined below). The first renewal term shall be for a period of five
(5) years (hereinafter referred to as the "First Renewal Lease Term") following
expiration of the Lease term (hereinafter referred to as the "Initial Lease
Term"). Tenant may exercise such option by giving written notice of exercise of
the option (hereinafter referred to as the "Option Notice") to Landlord at least
two hundred ten (210) days, but not more than three


                                       38
<PAGE>   39

hundred sixty five (365) days before the expiration of the Initial Lease Term.
Provided that, if there exists a Breach on the date of giving the Option Notice,
the Option Notice shall be totally ineffective, or if there exists a Breach on
the date the First Renewal Lease Term is to commence, the First Renewal Lease
Term shall not commence and this Lease shall expire at the end of the Initial
Lease term.

As used in this Lease, "Fair Market Rent" shall mean the rental rate then being
charged for comparable space in comparable buildings in the Mountain View,
California area as of the date of commencement of the First Renewal Lease Term
or the Second Renewal Lease Term (as defined below), as applicable, with similar
amenities, taking into consideration the size, location, proposed term of the
lease, the fact that the Premises have been improved with the Landlord's Work
and the Tenant's Work and other relevant factors. Fair Market Rent as so
determined shall include then-prevailing annual market increases (if any) for
each subsequent year of the First Renewal Lease Term or the Second Renewal Lease
Term as applicable.

The parties shall have thirty (30) days after Landlord receives the Option
Notice in which to agree on the Fair Market Rent for the First Renewal Lease
Term. If the parties agree on the Fair Market Rent for the First Renewal Lease
Term during that period, they shall immediately execute an amendment to this
Lease stating the monthly Base Rent for the First Renewal Lease Term and the
annual market rent increases, if any, for the five (5) year period of the First
Renewal Lease Term. If the parties are unable to agree on the Fair Market Rent
within that period, then within thirty (30) days after the expiration of that
period, each party, at its cost and by giving written notice to the other party,
shall appoint a commercial real estate broker/agent from a recognized real
estate brokerage firm having offices in Santa Clara County, California
(hereinafter referred to as "Agent") with at least ten (10) years full-time
commercial real estate brokerage experience in the area in which the Premises
are located, to give an opinion of Fair Market Rent and set the monthly Base
Rent for the First Renewal Lease Term, and shall give written notice of such
selection to the other party specifying therein the name and address of the
Agent. If one party does not appoint an Agent within such 30-day period, the
single, Agent appointed shall be the sole judge of opinion of Fair Market Rent
and shall set the monthly Base Rent for the First Renewal Lease Term. If the two
Agents are appointed by the parties as stated in this Paragraph, they shall meet
promptly and attempt to set the monthly Base Rent for the First Renewal Lease
Term. If they are unable to agree within thin (30) days after the second Agent
has been appointed, they shall attempt to elect a third Agent meeting the
qualifications stated in this Paragraph within thirty (30) days after the last
day the two Agents are given to set the monthly Base Rent. If they are unable to
agree on the third Agent, either of the parties to this Lease, by giving fifteen
(15) days written notice to the other party can apply to the then President of
the county real estate board of the county in which the Premises are located for
the selection of a


                                       39
<PAGE>   40

third Agent who meets the qualifications stated in this Paragraph. Each of the
parties shall bear one-half (1/2) of the cost of appointing the third Agent and
of paying the third Agent's fee. The third Agent, however selected, shall be a
person who has not previously acted in any capacity for either party. Within
fifteen (15) days after the selection of the third Agent, a majority of the
Agents shall set the monthly Base Rent for the First Renewal Lease Term. If a
majority of the Agents are unable to set the monthly Base Rent within the
stipulated period of time, the three (3) opinions of Fair Market Rent shall be
added together and their total divided by three (3); ninety-five percent (95%)
of the resulting quotient shall be the monthly Base Rent for the Premises during
the first year of the First Renewal Lease Term. If, however, the low
determination of the Fair Market Rent and/or high determination of Fair Market
Rent are more than ten percent (10%) lower and/or higher than the middle
determination, any such low determination and/or high determination shall be
disregarded. If only one determination is more than ten percent (10%) above or
below the middle determination, such that only one determination needs to be
disregarded, the remaining two determinations shall be added together and their
total divided by two; the resulting quotient shall be the Fair Market Rent. If
both the low determination and the high determination are disregarded, then the
middle determination shall be used to establish the Monthly Base Rent for the
Premises during the first year of the First Renewal Lease Term. The annual
market rate increases to be applicable following the first year of the First
Rental Lease Term, if any, shall be calculated in a like manner as the Fair
Market Rent if the Agents are not able to agree upon their respective amounts.

53.     SECOND OPTION TO RENEW. Tenant is given the second option to extend the
term of this Lease upon all the provisions contained in this Lease, except that
the monthly Base Rent shall be equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the Fair
Market Rent (as defined above). The second renewal term shall be for a period of
five (5) years (hereinafter referred to as the "Second Renewal Lease Term")
following expiration of the First Renewal Lease Term. Tenant may exercise such
option by giving written notice of exercise of the option (hereinafter referred
to as the "Option Notice") to Landlord at least two hundred ten (210) days, but
not more than three hundred sixty five (365) days before the expiration of the
First Renewal Lease Term. Provided that, if there exists a Breach on the date of
giving the Option Notice, the Option Notice shall be totally ineffective, or if
there exists a Breach on the date the Second Renewal Lease Term is to commence,
the Second Renewal Lease Term shall not commence and this Lease shall expire at
the end of the First Renewal Lease Term.

The monthly Base Rent applicable during the first year of the Second Renewal
Lease Term, and the annual market increases in monthly Base Rent applicable
during the Second Renewal Lease Term, shall be determined in accordance with the
procedure set forth in Paragraph 52 above.


                                       40
<PAGE>   41

54.     PARKING. Tenant shall have the exclusive right to use all parking spaces
located on the Premises for the purpose of parking automobiles by Tenant, its
employees, agents and invitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant
acknowledges that Landlord shall have no obligation to monitor the use of any of
the parking areas located on the Premises or otherwise to take any measures to
prohibit any unauthorized use thereof by any other parties.

55.     LANDLORD'S, TENANT'S WORK.

        55.1. LANDLORD'S WORK.

                On or before the Commencement Date, Landlord, at its sole cost
and expense, shall (a) cause the existing shed/small building (including
foundation) located on the parking areas of the Premises to be removed, (b)
cause all of such parking areas to be slurried, striped and otherwise in good
repair, and (c) repair the parking area at the rear of the building that is
damaged because of the trash container.

        55.2. TENANT'S WORK. In order to prepare the Premises for Tenant's
occupancy thereof, Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall perform the
following alterations, additions, improvements and other work on the Premises:
replacement of the roof of the Premises; replacement of the HVAC system in the
Premises; replacement of the existing restroom with a new restroom, including
showers; renovation of the interior of the Premises to Tenant's specifications,
as approved by Landlord; renovation and/or replacement of the operating systems
in the Premises; seismic upgrades (limited to wall-to-roof anchors);
installation of carpeting, tile and new offices; and other interior improvements
to Tenant's specifications, as approved by Landlord (collectively "Tenant's
Work"). Tenant shall cause the Tenant's Work to be completed to Landlord's
reasonable satisfaction. Prior to commencing Tenant's Work, Tenant shall obtain
Landlord's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to
plans and specifications for the Tenant's Work (which shall include a detail of
all finishes), the contractor performing the Tenant's Work and the schedule for
performing Tenant's Work, and Tenant shall also provide Landlord with copies of
any required building or other permits of governmental authorities and evidence
of the contractor's insurance coverage acceptable to Landlord. Tenant shall not
be obligated to provided any performance and/or payment bonds with respect to
the Tenant's Work, and the Landlord shall impose no construction management fees
in connection with Tenant's performance of Tenant's Work. Tenant's Work shall be
completed by Tenant in accordance with the plans and specifications therefor
approved by Landlord, shall be carried out in a good, workmanlike and prompt
manner, shall comply with all applicable statutes, ordinances, rules and
regulations of governmental authorities having jurisdiction thereof, and shall
be subject to supervision by Landlord. If the performance of Tenant's Work shall
trigger any code upgrades to any portion of the Premises or otherwise obligate
the Landlord


                                       41
<PAGE>   42

and/or Tenant to make any alterations, additions or improvements to any portion
of the Premises, including, without limitation, under the Americans with
Disabilities Act, Title 24 or any laws relating to seismic safety, all such
upgrades, alterations, additions or improvements shall be made by Tenant at its
sole cost and expense. Landlord shall have the right to post on the Premises any
notices of nonresponsibility and other notices that Landlord may deem
appropriate for the protection of Landlord's interest in connection with
Tenant's performance of the Tenant's Work. Tenant shall provide Landlord with
one set of as-built drawings of the Tenant's Work and one set of construction
drawings based on the final build-out of Tenant's Work.

56.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Wherever, in this Lease, Tenant is required to
provide Landlord with copies of Tenant's "audited financial statements",
Landlord shall accept a copy of Tenant's most recent annual report.

57.     AREA OF PREMISES. The rentable square footage of the Premises set forth
in Paragraph 1.2 above has been calculated by measuring to the exterior surface
of the outside walls of the Premises, with no deductions for any interior
portions of the Premises.

58.     REPORTS. If Sun Microsystems shall cause to be prepared any reports
relating to the Premises in connection with its vacation of the Premises, and if
Sun Microsystems shall provide promptly copies of such reports to Landlord,
Landlord shall provide copies of such reports to Tenant. Landlord shall
reasonably cooperate with Tenant in Tenant's preparation of a Phase I
environmental assessment of the Premises prior to the Early Possession Date. Any
entries onto the Premises by Tenant, its employees, agents and contractors, for
such purposes shall be subject to the rights of Sun Microsystems under its lease
of the Premises, and shall also be subject to the provisions of Paragraph 8.7 of
this Lease. Tenant shall have no right to conduct any invasive environmental
testing, including, without limitation, taking any soils or groundwater samples,
without Landlord's prior written consent.

LANDLORD AND TENANT HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM
AND PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE SHOW THEIR
INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE
TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED, THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF LANDLORD AND TENANT WITH RESPECT TO THE
PREMISES.


                                       42
<PAGE>   43

ATTENTION: NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY ANY BROKER AS TO THE
LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE OR THE
TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT RELATES. THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO:

  1.    SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS
        LEASE.

  2.    RETAIN APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION
        OF THE PREMISES. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED
        TO THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING OF THE
        PREMISES, THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY, THE CONDITION OF THE ROOF AND
        OPERATING SYSTEMS, AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE PREMISES FOR TENANT'S
        INTENDED USE.

The parties hereto have executed this Lease as of the date first above written.


LANDLORD:

LANDLORD'S ADDRESS:
                                                  /s/ J. DOUGLAS FINNEY
                                                  ------------------------------
J. Douglas Finney                                 J. DOUGLAS FINNEY
400 Sand Hill Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025


                                                  /s/ CLAY DELSECCO
                                                  ------------------------------
Clay DelSecco                                     CLAY DELSECCO, TRUSTEE
7 Betty Lane
Atherton, CA 94027

                                                  /s/ CAROL DELSECCO
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  CAROL DELSECCO, TRUSTEE


                                                  /s/ JAMES SAMMET
                                                  ------------------------------
James Sammet                                      JAMES SAMMET, TRUSTEE
179 Starfish Court
Marina, CA 93933


                                       43
<PAGE>   44

TENANT:                                           INTUIT INC.,
                                                  a Delaware corporation
TENANT'S ADDRESS:

Intuit Inc.
2632 Marine Way                                   By: /s/ [SIGNATURE ILLEGIBLE]
Mountain View, CA 94043                               --------------------------
Attn: Real Estate Manager                           Title: Chief Financial
                                                           Officer and
                                                           Senior Vice President
With a copy to:

Intuit Inc.
2550 Garcia Avenue, 2nd Floor                            APPROVED
Mountain View, CA 94043                                  Intuit Legal Dept.
Attn: Vice President of Finance and                      Date March 29, 1999
      Corporate Services                                      ------------------
Fax: (650) 944-5499                                      By /s/ Beverly Bellows
                                                           ---------------------

And with a copy to:

Intuit Inc.
2550 Garcia Avenue, 2nd Floor
Mountain View, CA 94043
Attn: General Counsel
Fax: (650) 944-6622




                                       44
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>f64477ex10-34.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.34
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                   Exhibit 10.34

                              INDUSTRIAL NET LEASE

                                       FOR

                         SORRENTO VISTA INDUSTRIAL PARK
                              SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA


                                 BY AND BETWEEN


                            SPIEKER PROPERTIES, L.P.
                        A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


                                   AS LANDLORD


                                       AND


                                  INTUIT INC.,
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION


                                    AS TENANT


<PAGE>   2




                            BASIC LEASE INFORMATION

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>
LEASE DATE:                           JULY 2, 1997

ADDRESS OF PREMISES:                  6060 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE, SUITE 100
                                      SAN DIEGO, CA 92121

TENANT:                               INTUIT INC.,
                                      A DELAWARE CORPORATION

ADDRESS OF TENANT:                    6220 GREENWICH DRIVE
                                      SAN DIEGO, CA 92122
                                      ATTENTION: FACILITIES MANAGER, LYNETTE BERGAMINI
                                      PHONE: (619)784-4000
                                      FAX: (619)784-1389
                                      with additional notices to:
                                      General Counsel-Catherine Valentine
                                      mailing address: P.O. Box 7850
                                      Mountain View, CA 94039
                                      physical address: 2535 Garcia Avenue
                                      Mountain View, CA 94043
                                      phone: (415)944-6656
                                      fax: (415)944-6622
                                      and to the Premises. Attention Dan Torres, Manager

LANDLORD:                             SPIEKER PROPERTIES, L.P.,
                                      A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

ADDRESS OF LANDLORD:                  9255 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE, SUITE 100
                                      SAN DIEGO, CA 92121
                                      PHONE: (619)453-5800
                                      FAX: (619)623-8506

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:                  AN APPROXIMATELY 228,130 SQUARE FOOT, TWO BUILDING
                                      INDUSTRIAL PROJECT LOCATED IN SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA
                                      AND COMMONLY KNOWN AS SORRENTO VISTA INDUSTRIAL
                                      PARK AS SHOWN ON EXHIBIT "A", ATTACHED HERETO.

BUILDING DESCRIPTION:                 AN APPROXIMATELY 121,700 SQUARE FOOT BUILDING
                                      LOCATED AT 6060 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE, SAN DIEGO,
                                      CALIFORNIA AS SHOWN ON EXHIBIT "B" ATTACHED HERETO.

PREMISES:                             APPROXIMATELY 60,585 SQUARE FEET OF OFFICE AND
                                      WAREHOUSE SPACE LOCATED IN THE BUILDING AS SHOWN ON
                                      EXHIBIT "B" ATTACHED HERETO.

PERMITTED USES:                       GENERAL OFFICE, WAREHOUSING, MANUFACTURING AND
                                      DISTRIBUTION AND FOR NO OTHER USE, AS ALLOWED UNDER
                                      EXISTING ZONING.

PARKING:                              TENANT IS ENTITLED TO 1.47 UNASSIGNED PARKING STALLS
                                      PER 1,000 SQUARE FEET LEASED, WHICH IS APPROXIMATELY
                                      89 PARKING SPACES.

SCHEDULED TERM COMMENCEMENT DATE:     OCTOBER 1,1997.

LENGTH OF TERM:                       SEVENTY-TWO (72) MONTHS.

BASE RENT:                            OCTOBER 1, 1997-SEPTEMBER 30, 1998    $33,745/MO
                                      OCTOBER 1, 1998-SEPTEMBER 30, 1999    $35,170/MO
                                      OCTOBER 1, 1999-SEPTEMBER 30, 2000    $36,645/MO
                                      OCTOBER 1, 2000 SEPTEMBER 30, 2001    $38,195/MO
                                      OCTOBER 1, 2001-SEPTEMBER 30, 2002    $39,820/MO
                                      OCTOBER 1, 2002-SEPTEMBER 30, 2003    $41,500/MO

SECURITY DEPOSIT:                     $15,000 DUE UPON LEASE EXECUTION.

TENANT'S PROPORTIONATE SHARE:         49.78% OF BUILDING.
                                      26.56% OF PROJECT.

</TABLE>

THE FOREGOING BASIC LEASE INFORMATION IS INCORPORATED INTO AND MADE A PART OF
THIS LEASE. EACH REFERENCE IN THIS LEASE TO ANY OF THE BASIC LEASE INFORMATION
SHALL MEAN THE RESPECTIVE INFORMATION ABOVE AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO
INCORPORATE ALL OF THE TERMS PROVIDED UNDER THE PARTICULAR LEASE PARAGRAPH
PERTAINING TO SUCH INFORMATION. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE BASIC
LEASE INFORMATION AND THE LEASE, THE LATTER SHALL CONTROL.


<PAGE>   3


                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Page
<S>  <C>                                 <C>                               <C>

     Basic Lease Information                                                 1

     Table of Contents                                                       2

1.   Premises                                                                3

2.   Possession and Lease Commencement                                       3

3.   Term                                                                    3

4.   Use                                                                     3

5.   Rules and Regulations                                                   4

6.   Rent                                                                    4

7.   Basic Operating Cost                                                    4

8.   Insurance and Indemnification                                           5

9.   Waiver of Subrogation                                                   6

10.  Landlord's Repairs and Services                                         6

11.  Tenant's Repairs                                                        6

12.  Alterations                                                             6

13.  Signs                                                                   7

14.  Inspection/Posting Notices                                              7

15.  Utilities                                                               7

16.  Subordination                                                           7

17.  Financial Statements                                                    7

18.  Estoppel Certificate                                                    7

19.  Security Deposit                                                        8

20.  Tenant's Remedies                                                       8

21.  Assignment and Subletting                                               8

22.  Quiet Enjoyment                                                         8

23.  Condemnation                                                            8

24.  Casualty Damage                                                         9

25.  Holding Over                                                            9

26.  Default                                                                10

27.  Liens                                                                  11

29.  Transfers by Landlord                                                  11

30.  Right of Landlord to Perform Tenant's Covenants                        11

31.  Waiver                                                                 11

32.  Notices                                                                12

33.  Attorneys' Fees                                                        12

34.  Successors and Assigns                                                 12

35.  Force Majeure                                                          12

36.  Miscellaneous                                                          12

37.  One Time Right to Cancel                                               12

Exhibit "A"                                                                                          Project Site Plan

Exhibit "B"                                                                                        Building & Premises

Exhibit "C"                                                                     Tenant Improvements and Specifications

Exhibit "D"                                                                                           Signage Criteria

Exhibit "E"                                                                Conditional Land Use Plan-abbreviated (CLUP)

</TABLE>

<PAGE>   4
                                     LEASE

                  This Lease is made as of JULY 2, 1997, between SPIEKER
            PROPERTIES, L.P., A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (hereinafter
            called "LANDLORD") and INTUIT INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION
            (hereinafter called "TENANT").

PREMISES       1. Landlord leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord,
                  upon the terms and conditions hereafter set forth, those
                  premises (the "Premises") as shown on Exhibit "B" and
                  described in the Basic Lease Information. The Premises may be
                  all or part of the building (the "Building") or of the project
                  (the "Project") which may consist of more than one building.
                  The Building and Project are shown on Exhibit "B".

POSSESSION
AND LEASE
COMMENCEMENT   2.

                  B.    In the event this Lease pertains to a Building to be
                  constructed or improvements to be constructed within a
                  Building, the provisions of this subparagraph 2.B. shall apply
                  in lieu of the provisions of subparagraph 2.A. above and the
                  Term Commencement Date shall be the earlier of the date on
                  which (1) Tenant takes possession of some or all of the
                  Premises, or (2) the improvements constructed or to be
                  constructed in the Premises shall have been substantially
                  completed in accordance with the plans and specifications
                  described on Exhibit "C" attached hereto and incorporated
                  herein by reference, AND DOCUMENTED BY A COPY OF THE
                  CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY, TEMPORARY OR PERMANENT, FROM THE
                  CITY OF SAN DIEGO, whether or not substantial completion of
                  the Building itself shall have occurred. In the event of any
                  dispute as to substantial completion of work performed or
                  required to be performed by Landlord, the certificate of
                  Landlord's architect or general contractor shall be
                  conclusive. Substantial completion shall have occurred
                  notwithstanding a requirement for Landlord to complete punch
                  list items or similar corrective work. LANDLORD SHALL USE
                  COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO COMPLETE PUNCH LIST ITEMS
                  WITHIN SIXTY (60) DAYS OF TENANT SUBMITTING SUCH LIST IN
                  WRITING TO LANDLORD. Tenant shall, upon demand, within thirty
                  (30) days of receipt, execute and deliver to Landlord a letter
                  of acceptance of delivery of the Premises which WILL SPECIFY
                  THE ACTUAL TERM COMMENCEMENT DATE.

TERM           3. The Term of this Lease shall commence on the Term Commencement
                  Date and continue in full force and effect for the number of
                  months specified as the Length and Term in the Basic Lease
                  Information or until this Lease is terminated as otherwise
                  provided herein. If the Term Commencement Date is a date other
                  than the first day of the calendar month, the Term shall be
                  the number of months of the Length of Term in addition to the
                  remainder of the calendar month following the Term
                  Commencement Date.

USE            4. A.    Tenant shall use the Premises for the Permitted Use and
                  for no other use or purpose without prior written consent of
                  Landlord. No MATERIAL increase in the occupant density of the
                  Premises shall be made without the prior written consent of
                  Landlord. Tenant and its employees, customers, visitors, and
                  licensees shall have the non-exclusive right to use, in common
                  with other parties occupying the Buildings or Project, the
                  parking areas and driveways of the Project, subject to such
                  reasonable rules and regulations as Landlord may from time to
                  time prescribe.

                  B.    Tenant shall not permit any odors, smoke, dust, gas,
                  substances, noise or vibrations to emanate from the Premises,
                  nor take any action which would constitute a nuisance or would
                  disturb, obstruct or endanger any other tenants of the
                  Building or Project in which the Premises are situated or
                  unreasonably interfere with their use of their respective
                  premises. Tenant shall not receive, store or otherwise handle
                  any product, material or merchandise which is toxic, harmful,
                  explosive, highly inflammable or combustible, OTHER THAN
                  NORMAL AND REASONABLE AMOUNTS OF CLEANING AND PEST CONTROL
                  SUPPLIES REASONABLY NECESSARY FOR MAINTENANCE OF THE PREMISES
                  SO LONG AS SUCH MATERIALS ARE PROPERLY, SAFELY AND LAWFULLY
                  STORED AND USED BY TENANT. Storage outside the Premises of
                  materials, vehicles or any other items Landlord deems
                  objectionable is prohibited without Landlord's prior written
                  consent. Tenant shall not use or allow the Premises to be used
                  for any improper, immoral, unlawful or objectionable purpose,
                  nor shall Tenant cause or maintain or permit any nuisance in,
                  on or about the Premises. Tenant shall not commit or suffer
                  the commission of any waste in, on or about the Premises.
                  Tenant shall not allow any sale by auction upon the Premises,
                  or place any loads upon the floors, walls or ceilings which
                  endanger the structure, or place any harmful liquids in the
                  drainage system of the Building or Project. No waste,
                  materials or refuse shall be dumped upon or permitted to
                  remain outside the Premises except in trash containers placed
                  inside exterior enclosures designated for that purpose by
                  Landlord.

                                       4
<PAGE>   5

                  C.    Tenant shall not use the Premises or permit anything to
                  be done in or about the Premises which will in any way
                  conflict with any law, statute, ordinance or governmental rule
                  or regulation now in force or which may hereafter be enacted
                  or promulgated. Tenant shall at its sole cost and expense
                  obtain any and all licenses or permits necessary for Tenant's
                  use of the Premises. Tenant shall promptly comply with the
                  requirements of any board of fire underwriters or other
                  similar body now or hereafter constituted relating to or
                  affecting the condition, use or occupancy of the Premises. The
                  judgment of any court of competent jurisdiction or the
                  admission of Tenant in any actions against Tenant, whether
                  Landlord be a party thereto or not, that Tenant has so
                  violated any such law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or
                  requirement, shall be conclusive of such violation as between
                  Landlord and Tenant. Tenant shall not do or permit anything to
                  be done in, on or about the Premises or bring or keep anything
                  which will in any way increase the rate of any insurance upon
                  the Premises, Building or Project, or upon any contents
                  therein or cause a cancellation of said insurance or otherwise
                  affect said insurance in any manner. Tenant shall indemnify
                  Landlord and hold Landlord harmless against any loss, expense,
                  damage, attorneys' fees or liability arising out of the
                  failure of Tenant to comply with any applicable law or comply
                  with the requirements as set forth herein. THE PROJECT HAS
                  BEEN BUILT IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL CURRENT BUILDING CODES,
                  INCLUDING ADA CONFORMANCE. TO THE BEST OF LANDLORD'S
                  KNOWLEDGE, THERE ARE CURRENTLY NO HAZARDOUS MATERIALS
                  VIOLATIONS ON OR ABOUT THE PREMISES

RULES AND
REGULATIONS    5. Tenant and Tenant's agents, employees, and invitees shall
               faithfully observe and comply with any rules and regulations
               Landlord may from time to time reasonably prescribe in writing
               for the purpose of maintaining the proper care, cleanliness,
               safety, traffic flow and general order of the Premises or
               Project. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for the
               non-compliance by any other tenant or occupant of the Building
               or Project with any of the rules and regulations.

RENT           6. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, without demand throughout the
               term, Rent as specified in the Basic Lease Information, payable
               in monthly installments in advance on or before the first day of
               each calendar month, in lawful money of the United States,
               without deduction or offset whatsoever to Landlord at the address
               specified in the Basic Lease Information or to such other firm or
               to such other place as Landlord may from time to time designate
               in writing. Rent for the first full month of the Term shall be
               paid by Tenant upon Tenant's execution of this Lease. If the
               obligation for payment of Rent commences on other than the first
               day of a month, then Rent shall be prorated and the prorated
               installment shall be paid on the first day of the calendar month
               next succeeding the Term Commencement Date.

BASIC
OPERATING
COSTS          7. A.    BASIC OPERATING COST. In addition to the Base Rent
                  required to be paid hereunder, Tenant shall pay as additional
                  Rent, Tenant's Proportionate Share, as defined in the Basic
                  Lease Information, of Basic Operating Cost in the manner set
                  forth below. Basic Operating Cost shall mean all expenses and
                  costs of every kind and nature which Landlord shall pay or
                  become obligated to pay, or would be required to pay if the
                  Project were fully occupied, because of or in connection with
                  the management, maintenance, preservation and operation of the
                  Project and its supporting facilities servicing the Project
                  (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
                  principles, consistently applied) including, but not limited
                  to, the following:

                        (1)   All real estate taxes, possessory interest taxes,
                  business or license taxes or fees, service payment in lieu of
                  such taxes or fees, annual or periodic license or use fees,
                  excises, transit charges, housing fund assessments, open space
                  charge, assessments, levies, fees or charges, general and
                  special, ordinary and extraordinary, unforeseen as well as
                  foreseen, of any kind (including fees "in-lieu" of any such
                  tax or assessment) which are assessed, levied, charged,
                  confirmed, or imposed by any public authority upon the
                  Project, its operations or the rent (or any portion or
                  component thereof), except (a) inheritance or estate taxes
                  imposed upon or assessed against the Project, or any part
                  thereof or interest therein, and (b) taxes computed on the
                  basis of the net income of Landlord or the owner of any
                  interest therein.

                        (2)   All REASONABLE insurance premiums and costs,
                  including, but not limited to, any deductible amounts,
                  premiums and cost of fire, casualty and liability coverage,
                  rental abatement and special hazard insurance applicable to
                  the Project and Landlord's personal property used in
                  connection therewith; provided, however, that Landlord may,
                  but shall not be obligated to, carry special hazard insurance
                  covering losses caused by casualty not insured under standard
                  fire and extended coverage insurance.

                        (3)   Repairs, replacements (BUT NOT INCLUDING CAPITAL
                  ITEMS) and general maintenance for the Premises, Building and
                  Project (except for those repairs expressly the responsibility
                  of Landlord, those repairs paid for by proceeds of insurance
                  or by Tenant or other third parties and alterations
                  attributable solely to tenants of the Project other than
                  Tenant).

                        (4)   All REASONABLE maintenance, janitorial and service
                  agreements and costs of supplies and equipment used in
                  maintaining the Premises, Building and Project and the
                  equipment therein and the adjacent sidewalks, driveways,
                  parking and service areas, including, without limitation,
                  alarm service, window cleaning, elevator maintenance, Building
                  exterior maintenance and landscaping.

                        (5)   Utilities which benefit all or a portion of the
                  Premises.

                        (6)   A management and accounting cost recovery equal to
                  ten percent (10%) of Basic Operating Costs.


                                       5
<PAGE>   6

                  In the event that the Project is not fully occupied during any
                  fiscal year of the Term as determined by Landlord, an
                  adjustment shall be made in computing the Basic Operating Cost
                  for such year so that Basic Operating Cost shall be computed
                  as though the building had been one hundred percent (100%)
                  occupied; provided, however, that in no event shall Landlord
                  be entitled to collect in excess of one hundred percent (100%)
                  of the total Basic Operating Cost from all of the tenants in
                  the Project including Tenant.

                  All costs and expenses shall be determined in accordance with
                  generally accepted accounting principles which shall be
                  consistently applied. Basic Operating Cost shall not include
                  specific costs incurred for the account of, separately billed
                  to and paid by specific tenants. Notwithstanding anything
                  herein to the contrary, any instance wherein Landlord, at
                  Landlord's sole discretion, deems Tenant to be responsible for
                  any amounts greater than its Proportionate Share, Landlord
                  shall WITH WRITTEN NOTICE GIVEN TO TENANT, have the right to
                  allocate costs in any manner Landlord deems appropriate.

                  B.    PAYMENT OF ESTIMATED BASIC OPERATING COST. "Estimated
                  Basic Operating Cost" for any particular year shall mean
                  Landlord's estimate of the Basic Operating Cost for such
                  fiscal year made prior to commencement of such fiscal year as
                  hereinafter provided. Landlord shall have the right from time
                  to time to revise its fiscal year and interim accounting
                  periods so long as the periods as so revised are reconciled
                  with prior periods in accordance with generally accepted
                  accounting principles applied in a consistent manner. During
                  the last month of each fiscal year during the Term, or as soon
                  thereafter as practicable, Landlord shall give Tenant written
                  notice of the Estimated Basic Operating Cost for the ensuing
                  fiscal year. Tenant shall pay Tenant's Proportionate Share of
                  the Estimated Basic Operating Costs with installments of Base
                  Rent for the fiscal year to which the Estimated Basic
                  Operating Costs applies in monthly installments on the first
                  day of each calendar month during such year, in advance. If at
                  any time during the course of the fiscal year, Landlord
                  determines that Basic Operating Cost will apparently vary from
                  the then Estimated Basic Operating Cost by more than ten
                  percent (10%), Landlord may, by written notice to Tenant,
                  revise the Estimated Basic Operating Cost for the balance of
                  such fiscal year and Tenant shall pay Tenant's Proportionate
                  Share of the Estimated Basic Operating Cost as so revised for
                  the balance of the then current fiscal year on the first of
                  each calendar month thereafter.

                  C.    COMPUTATION OF BASIC OPERATING COST ADJUSTMENT. "Basic
                  Operating Cost Adjustment" shall mean the difference between
                  Estimated Basic Operating Cost and Basic Operating Cost for
                  any fiscal year determined as hereinafter provided. Within one
                  hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year,
                  as determined by Landlord, or as soon thereafter as
                  practicable, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a REASONABLY
                  DETAILED statement of Basic Operating Cost for the fiscal year
                  just ended accompanied by a computation of Basic Operating
                  Cost Adjustment. If such statement shows that Tenant's payment
                  based upon Estimated Basic Operating Cost is less than
                  Tenant's Proportionate Share (as defined in the Basic Lease
                  Information) of Basic Operating Cost, then Tenant shall pay to
                  Landlord the difference within twenty (20) days after receipt
                  of such statement. If such statement shows that Tenant's
                  payments of Estimated Basic Operating Cost exceed Tenant's
                  Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Costs, then (provided
                  that Tenant is not in default under this Lease), Landlord
                  shall pay to Tenant the difference within twenty (20) days of
                  such statement. If this Lease has been terminated or the Term
                  hereof has expired prior to the date of such statement, then
                  the Basic Operating Cost Adjustment shall be paid by the
                  appropriate party within twenty (20) days after the date of
                  delivery of the statement. Should this Lease commence or
                  terminate at any time other than the first day of the fiscal
                  year, Tenant's Proportionate Share of the Basic Operating Cost
                  adjustment shall be prorated by reference to the exact number
                  of calendar days during such fiscal year for which Tenant is
                  obligated to pay Base Rent.

                  D.    NET LEASE. This shall be a net Lease and Base Rent shall
                  be paid to Landlord absolutely net of all costs and expenses
                  except as herein provided. The provisions for payment of Basic
                  Operating Cost and the Basic Operating Cost Adjustment are
                  intended to pass on to Tenant and reimburse Landlord for all
                  costs and expenses of the nature described in Paragraph 7.A.
                  incurred in connection with ownership and operation of the
                  Building or Project and such additional facilities now and in
                  subsequent years as may be REASONABLY determined by Landlord
                  to be necessary to the Building or Project.

                  E.    TENANT AUDIT. Tenant shall have the right, at Tenant's
                  expense and upon not less than five (5) days prior written
                  notice to Landlord, to review at reasonable times, in
                  Landlord's office, Landlord's books and records applicable to
                  Tenant's Lease for purposes of verifying Landlord's
                  calculation of the Basic Operating Cost and Basic Operating
                  Cost Adjustment.

                  In the event that Tenant shall dispute the amount set forth in
                  any statement provided by Landlord under Paragraph 7.B. or
                  7.C. above, Tenant shall have the right, not later than twenty
                  (20) days following the receipt of such statement and upon
                  condition that Tenant shall first deposit with Landlord the
                  full amount in dispute, to cause Landlord's books and records
                  with respect to such fiscal year to be audited by certified
                  public accountants selected by Tenant and subject to
                  Landlord's reasonable right of approval. The Basic Operating
                  Cost Adjustment shall be appropriately adjusted on the basis
                  of such audit. If such audit discloses a liability for a
                  refund in excess of ten percent (10%) of Tenant's
                  Proportionate Share of the Basic Operating Cost Adjustment
                  previously reported, the cost of such audit shall be borne by
                  Landlord; otherwise, [the cost of such audit shall be paid by
                  Tenant. If Tenant shall not request an audit in accordance
                  with the provisions of this Paragraph 7.E. within twenty (20)
                  days of receipt of Landlord's statement provided pursuant to
                  Paragraph 7.B. or 7.C., such statement shall be final and
                  binding for all purposes hereof.



                                       6
<PAGE>   7
                   F.    EXCLUSIONS TO OPERATING EXPENSES. OPERATING COSTS
                   SPECIFICALLY DO NOT INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: a) PRINCIPAL AND
                   INTEREST PAYMENTS OF DEBT; b) GROUND LEASE PAYMENTS; c)
                   DEPRECIATION; d) COSTS PROPERLY CHARGEABLE TO THE CAPITAL
                   ACCOUNT, EXCEPT FOR CAPITAL EXPENDITURES TO THE EXTENT TO
                   WHICH THEY REDUCE OPERATING EXPENSES; e) LANDLORD'S COSTS OF
                   ANY SERVICE SOLD TO ANY TENANT OR OCCUPANT OF THE BUILDING
                   FOR WHICH LANDLORD IS REIMBURSED AS AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE OVER
                   AND ABOVE THE RENT PAYABLE WITH ANY TENANT, OTHER THAN BY
                   VIRTUE OF THE PASS THROUGH OF BASIC OPERATING COSTS TO
                   TENANTS OF THE BUILDING; f) ATTORNEY FEES, COSTS AND
                   DISBURSEMENTS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH NEGOTIATIONS OR
                   DISPUTES WITH OTHER TENANTS IN THE BUILDING; g) COST OF ANY
                   ITEM FOR WHICH LANDLORD IS PAID OR REIMBURSED BY INSURANCE,
                   WARRANTIES OR CONDEMNATION PROCEEDS; h) EXECUTIVE PARTNER OR
                   BOARD MEMBER SALARIES; i) MARKETING AND ADVERTISING EXPENSES;
                   j) REAL ESTATE BROKERS COMMISSIONS; k) THE COST OF INITIAL
                   CONSTRUCTION OF THE BUILDING, AND ALL BASE BUILDING SYSTEMS,
                   INCLUDING THE INITIAL PAVING, STRIPING THE PARKING AREA,
                   LANDSCAPING, SIDEWALKS, CURBS, GUTTERS AND WALKWAYS.

                   In the event that Tenant shall dispute the amount set forth
                   in any statement provided by Landlord under Paragraph 7.13.
                   or 7.C. above, Tenant shall have the right, not later than
                   ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY (180) days following the receipt of
                   such statement and upon condition that Tenant shall first
                   deposit with Landlord the full amount in dispute, to cause
                   Landlord's books and records with respect to such fiscal year
                   to be audited by certified public accountants selected by
                   Tenant and subject to Landlord's reasonable right of
                   approval. The Basic Operating Cost Adjustment shall be
                   appropriately adjusted on the basis of such audit. If such
                   audit discloses a liability for a refund in excess of ten
                   percent (10%) of Tenant's Proportionate Share of the Basic
                   Operating Cost Adjustment previously reported, the cost of
                   such audit shall be borne by Landlord; otherwise, the cost of
                   such audit shall be paid by Tenant. If Tenant shall not
                   request AND COMPLETE an audit in accordance with the
                   provisions of this Paragraph 7.E. within ONE HUNDRED AND
                   EIGHTY (180) days of receipt of Landlord's statement provided
                   pursuant to Paragraph 7.B. or 7.C., such statement shall be
                   final and binding for all purposes hereof.

INSURANCE AND
INDEMNIFICATION 8. A.   CASUALTY INSURANCE. Landlord agrees to maintain
                   insurance insuring the Buildings of the Project of which the
                   Premises are a part, against fire, lightning, extended
                   coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief in an amount not
                   less than eighty percent (80%) of the replacement cost
                   thereof. Such insurance shall be for the sole benefit of
                   Landlord and under its sole control. Landlord shall not be
                   obligated to insure any furniture, equipment, machinery,
                   goods or supplies not covered by this Lease which Tenant may
                   keep or maintain in the Premises or any leasehold
                   improvements, additions or alternations which Tenant may make
                   upon the Premises.

                   B.    LIABILITY INSURANCE. Tenant shall purchase at its own
                   expense and keep in force during this Lease a policy or
                   policies of comprehensive liability insurance, including
                   personal injury and property damage, in the amount of not
                   less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) for
                   property damage and Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) per
                   occurrence for personal injuries or deaths of persons
                   occurring in or about the Premises and Project. Said policies
                   shall (1) name Landlord and, if applicable, its agent, and
                   any party holding an interest to which this Lease may be
                   subordinated as additional insureds, (2) be issued by an
                   insurance company acceptable to Landlord and licensed to do
                   business in the State of California, and (3) provide that
                   said insurance shall not be canceled unless thirty (30) days
                   prior written notice shall have been given to Landlord. Said
                   policy or policies or certificates thereof shall be delivered
                   to Landlord by Tenant upon commencement of the Lease and upon
                   each renewal of said insurance.

                   C.    INDEMNIFICATION.

                   LANDLORD SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND BY COUNSEL REASONABLY
                   ACCEPTABLE TO TENANT, PROTECT AND HOLD TENANT HARMLESS FROM
                   AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS,
                   DAMAGES, INJURIES OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE
                   ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COURT COSTS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO
                   THE ACTIVE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF LANDLORD.
                   NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING OR ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY
                   CONTAINER) IN THIS LEASE, LANDLORD SHALL IN NO EVENT BE
                   LIABLE AND TENANT HEREBY WAIVES ALL CLAIMS AGAINST LANDLORD
                   FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, INJURY OR DEATH TO OR OF ANY PERSON OR
                   PROPERLY (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION PERSONAL PROPERTY)
                   CAUSED BY THEFT, FIRE, RAIN OR WATER LEAKAGE, OR FROM THE
                   BREAKAGE, LEAKAGE, OBSTRUCTION OR OTHER DEFECTS OF PIPES,
                   FIRE SPRINKLERS, WIRES, APPLIANCES, PLUMBING, HVAC OR
                   LIGHTING FIXTURES, ELECTRICAL OR OTHER SYSTEMS, OR BY ACTS OF


                                       7
<PAGE>   8

                  GOD (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FLOOD OR EARTHQUAKE), ACTS
                  OF A PUBLIC ENEMY, RIOT, STRIKE, INSURRECTION, WAR, COURT
                  ORDER, REQUISITION OR ORDER OF GOVERNMENTAL BODY OR AUTHORITY
                  OR FOR ANY DAMAGE OR INCONVENIENCE WHICH MAY ARISE THROUGH
                  REPAIR, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH
                  10. IN ADDITION, LANDLORD SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR
                  INJURY TO TENANT'S BUSINESS OR ANY LOSS OF INCOME OR PROFIT
                  THEREFROM OR FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. TENANT SHALL
                  INDEMNIFY, DEFEND BY COUNSEL REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO
                  LANDLORD, PROTECT AND HOLD LANDLORD HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST
                  ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS, LOSS OF RENTS,
                  LIENS, DAMAGES, INJURIES OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE
                  ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COURT COSTS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO:
                  (1) CLAIMS OF INJURY TO OR DEATH OF PERSONS OR DAMAGE TO
                  PROPERTY OCCURRING OR RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM
                  THE USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES BY TENANT OR TENANT'S
                  PARTIES, OR FROM ACTIVITIES OF TENANT OR TENANT'S PARTIES; (2)
                  CLAIMS ARISING FROM WORK OR LABOR PERFORMED, OR FOR MATERIALS
                  OR SUPPLIES FURNISHED TO OR AT THE REQUEST OF TENANT IN
                  CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF ANY WORK DONE FOR THE ACCOUNT
                  OF TENANT WITHIN THE PREMISES OR PROJECT; (3) CLAIMS ARISING
                  FROM ANY BREACH OR DEFAULT ON THE PART OF TENANT IN THE
                  PERFORMANCE OF ANY COVENANT CONTAINED IN THIS LEASE; AND (4)
                  CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL ACTS OR
                  OMISSIONS OF TENANT OR TENANT'S PARTIES. THE FOREGOING
                  INDEMNITY BY TENANT SHALL NOT BE APPLICABLE TO CLAIMS TO THE
                  EXTENT ARISING FROM THE SOLE NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT
                  OF LANDLORD THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL SURVIVE THE
                  EXPIRATION OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THIS LEASE.

                  D.    BOTH LANDLORD AND TENANT MAY CARRY THE INSURANCE
                  REQUIRED TO BE CARRIED BY EACH PARTY HEREUNDER UNDER A BLANKET
                  POLICY OF INSURANCE THAT COVERS OTHER LOCATIONS WHERE THE
                  PARTY AND ITS AFFILIATES CONDUCT BUSINESS, PROVIDED THAT SUCH
                  BLANKET POLICY SHALL BE ENDORSED TO SPECIFICALLY COVER THE
                  PREMISES AND SHALL PROVIDE THE SAME AMOUNT AND TYPES OF
                  COVERAGE FOR THE PREMISES AND TENANT'S ACTIVITIES IN THE
                  BUILDING THAT WOULD BE PROVIDED BY A SEPARATE POLICY MEETING
                  THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 8B.

WAIVER OF
SUBROGATION    9. To the extent permitted by law and without affecting the
                  coverage provided by insurance required to be maintained
                  hereunder, Landlord and Tenant each waive any right to recover
                  against the other (a) damages for injury to or death of
                  persons, (b) damages to property, (c) damages to the Premises
                  or any part thereof, or (d) claims arising by reason of the
                  foregoing. This provision is intended to waive fully, and for
                  the benefit of each party, any rights and/or claims which
                  might give rise to a right of subrogation on any insurance
                  carrier. The coverage obtained by each party pursuant to this
                  Lease shall include, without limitation, a waiver of
                  subrogation by the carrier which conforms to the revisions of
                  this paragraph.

LANDLORD'S
REPAIRS AND
SERVICES      10. Landlord shall at Landlord's expense maintain the structural
                  soundness of the roof, foundations and exterior walls of the
                  Building in good repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted.
                  The term "walls" as used herein shall not include windows,
                  glass or plate glass, doors, special store fronts or office
                  entries. The term "roof" as used herein shall not include
                  skylights, smoke hatches or roof vents. Landlord shall perform
                  on behalf of Tenant and other tenants of the Project the
                  maintenance of the public and common areas of the Project
                  including, but not limited to, the landscaped areas, parking
                  areas, driveways, the truck staging areas, fire sprinkler
                  systems, sanitary and storm sewer lines, utility services,
                  electric and telephone equipment servicing the Building(s),
                  exterior lighting, and anything which affects the operation
                  and exterior appearance of the Project, which determination
                  shall be at Landlord's sole discretion. Tenant shall reimburse
                  Landlord for all such costs in accordance with Paragraph 7.
                  Any damage caused by or repairs necessitated by any act of
                  Tenant may be repaired by Landlord at Landlord's option and at
                  Tenant's expense. Tenant shall immediately give Landlord
                  written notice of any defect or need of repairs after which
                  Landlord shall have reasonable opportunity to repair same.
                  Landlord's liability with respect to any defects, repairs, or
                  maintenance for which Landlord is responsible under any of the
                  provisions of this Lease shall be limited to the cost of such
                  repairs or maintenance.

TENANT'S
REPAIRS       11. Tenant shall, at Tenant's expense, maintain all parts of the
                  Premises in a good clean and secure condition promptly making
                  all necessary repairs and replacements including, but not
                  limited to, all windows, glass, doors and any special office
                  entries, walls and wall finishes, floor covering, heating,
                  ventilating and air conditioning systems, truck doors, dock
                  bumpers, dock plates and levelers, roofing, plumbing work and
                  fixtures, down spouts, skylights, smoke hatches and roof
                  vents. Tenant shall at Tenant's expense also perform necessary
                  pest extermination and regular removal of trash and debris.
                  Tenant shall, at its own expense, enter into a regularly
                  scheduled preventive maintenance/service contract with a
                  maintenance contractor for servicing all hot water, heating
                  and air conditioning systems and equipment within or serving
                  the Premises. The maintenance contractor and the contract must
                  be approved by Landlord. The service contract must include all
                  services suggested by the equipment manufacturer within the
                  operation/maintenance manual, including maintaining the system
                  and ducts in a weatherproof condition, and must become
                  effective and a copy thereof delivered to Landlord within
                  thirty (30) days of the Term Commencement Date. Tenant shall
                  not damage any demising wall or disturb the integrity and
                  support provided by any demising wall and shall, at its sole
                  expense, immediately repair any damage to any demising wall
                  caused by Tenant or its employees, agents or invitees.

ALTERATIONS   12. Tenant shall not make, or allow to be made, any alterations or
                  physical additions in, about or to the Premises without
                  obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent
                  shall not be unreasonably withheld with respect to proposed
                  alterations and additions which (a) comply with all applicable
                  laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, (b) are in Landlord's
                  opinion compatible with the Project and its mechanical,
                  plumbing, electrical, and heating/ventilation/air conditioning



                                       8
<PAGE>   9

                  systems, and (c) in Landlord's opinion will not interfere with
                  the use and occupancy of any other portion of the Building or
                  Project by any other tenant or its invitees. NONSTRUCTURAL
                  ALTERATIONS TOTALLING UNDER $10,000 PER YEAR REQUIRE WRITTEN
                  NOTIFICATION TO LANDLORD, BUT NOT LANDLORD APPROVAL, SUBJECT
                  TO REMOVAL UPON TERMINATION AS OUTLINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH 12.
                  Specifically, but without limiting the generality of the
                  foregoing, Landlord shall have the right of consent for all
                  plans and specifications for the proposed alterations or
                  additions, construction means and methods, any contractor or
                  subcontractor to be employed on the work of alterations or
                  additions, and the time for performance of such work. Tenant
                  shall also supply to Landlord any documents and information
                  reasonably requested by Landlord in connection with its
                  consideration of a request for approval hereunder. Tenant must
                  have Landlord's written approval and all appropriate permits
                  and licenses prior to the commencement of said alterations and
                  additions. All alterations and additions permitted hereunder
                  shall be made and performed by Tenant without cost or expense
                  to Landlord including any REASONABLE costs or expenses which
                  Landlord may incur in electing to have an outside agency
                  review said plans and specifications. Landlord shall have the
                  right to require Tenant to remove any or all alterations,
                  additions, improvements and partitions made by Tenant and
                  restore the Premises to their original condition by the
                  termination of this Lease, by lapse of time or otherwise, all
                  at Tenant's expense. All such removals and restoration shall
                  be accomplished in a good and workmanlike manner so as not to
                  cause any damage to the Premises or Project whatsoever. If
                  Landlord so elects, such alterations, physical additions or
                  improvements shall become the property of Landlord and
                  surrendered to Landlord upon the termination of this Lease by
                  lapse of time or otherwise; provided, however, that this
                  clause shall not apply to trade fixtures or furniture owned by
                  Tenant. In addition to and wholly apart from its obligation to
                  pay Tenant's Proportionate Share of Basic Operating Costs,
                  Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay prior to
                  delinquency any taxes or governmental service fees, possessory
                  interest taxes, fees or charges in lieu of any such taxes,
                  capital levies, or other charges imposed upon, levied with
                  respect to or assessed against its personal property, on the
                  value of its alterations, additions or improvements and on its
                  interest pursuant to this Lease. To the extent that any such
                  taxes are not separately assessed or billed to Tenant, Tenant
                  shall pay the amount thereof as invoiced to Tenant by
                  Landlord.

SIGNS         13. All signs, notices and graphics of every kind or character,
                  visible in or from public view or corridors, the common areas
                  or the exterior of the Premises, shall be subject to
                  Landlord's prior written approval, which Landlord shall have
                  the right to withhold in its absolute and sole discretion.
                  Tenant shall not place or maintain any banners whatsoever or
                  any window decor in or on any exterior window or window
                  fronting upon any common areas or service area or upon any
                  truck doors or man doors without Landlord's prior written
                  approval which Landlord shall have the right to grant or
                  withhold in its absolute and sole discretion. Any installation
                  of signs or graphics on or about the Premises and Project
                  shall be subject to any applicable governmental laws,
                  ordinances, regulations and to any other requirements imposed
                  by Landlord. Tenant shall remove all such signs and graphics
                  by the termination of this Lease. Such installations and
                  removals shall be made in such manner as to avoid injury to or
                  defacement of the Premises, Building or Project and any other
                  improvements contained therein, and Tenant shall repair any
                  injury or defacement including, without limitation,
                  discoloration caused by such installation or removal.

INSPECTION/
POSTING
NOTICES       14. After reasonable notice, except in emergencies where no such
                  notice shall be required, Landlord, its agents and
                  representatives, shall have the right to enter the Premises to
                  inspect the same, to clean, to perform such work as may be
                  permitted or required hereunder, to make repairs or
                  alterations to the Premises or Project or to other tenant
                  spaces therein, to deal with emergencies, to post such notices
                  as may be permitted or required by law to prevent the
                  perfection of liens against Landlord's interest in the Project
                  or to exhibit the Premises to prospective tenants, purchasers,
                  encumbrances or others, or for any other purpose as Landlord
                  may deem necessary or desirable; provided, however, that
                  Landlord shall not unreasonably interfere with Tenant's
                  business operations. Tenant shall not be entitled to any
                  abatement of Rent by reason of the exercise of any such right
                  of entry. Six months prior to the end of the Lease, Landlord
                  shall have the right to erect on the Premises and/or Project a
                  suitable sign indicating that the Premises are available for
                  lease. Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord at least
                  thirty (30) days prior to vacating the premises and shall meet
                  with Landlord for a joint inspection of the Premises at the
                  time of vacating. In the event of Tenant's failure to give
                  such notice or participate in such joint inspection,
                  Landlord's inspection at or after Tenant's vacating the
                  Premises shall conclusively be deemed correct for purposes of
                  determining Tenant's responsibility for repairs and
                  restoration.

UTILITIES     15. Tenant shall pay for all water, gas, heat, air conditioning,
                  light, power, telephone, sewer, sprinkler charges and other
                  utilities and services used on or from the Premises, together
                  with any taxes, penalties, surcharges or the like pertaining
                  thereto, and maintenance charges for utilities and shall
                  furnish all electric light bulbs, ballasts and tubes. If any
                  such services are not separately metered to Tenant, Tenant
                  shall pay a reasonable proportion, as determined by Landlord,
                  of all charges jointly serving other premises. Landlord shall
                  not be liable for any damages directly or indirectly resulting
                  from nor shall the Rent or any monies owed Landlord under this
                  Lease herein reserved be abated by reason of (a) the
                  installation, use or interruption of use of any equipment used
                  in connection with the furnishing of any of the foregoing
                  utilities and services, (b) failure to furnish or delay in
                  furnishing any such utilities or services when such failure or
                  delay is caused by acts of God or the elements, labor
                  disturbances of any character, any other accidents or other
                  conditions beyond the reasonable control of Landlord, or (c)
                  the limitation, curtailment, rationing or restriction on use
                  of water, electricity, gas or any other form of energy or any
                  other service or utility whatsoever serving the Premises or
                  Project. Landlord shall be entitled to cooperate voluntarily
                  and in a reasonable manner in the efforts of national, state
                  or local governmental agencies or utility suppliers in
                  reducing energy or other resource consumption. The obligation
                  to



                                       9
<PAGE>   10
                  make services available hereunder shall be subject to the
                  limitations of any such voluntary, reasonable program. SHOULD
                  AN INTERRUPTION OF SERVICES OR UTILITIES THAT HAS BEEN CAUSED
                  BY LANDLORD'S NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT RENDER THE
                  PREMISES UNTENANTABLE FOR A PERIOD LONGER THAN FORTY EIGHT
                  (48) HOURS, LANDLORD WILL ABATE BASE RENT FOR EACH 24 HOUR
                  PERIOD THEREAFTER UNTIL PREMISES CAN, IN LANDLORD'S OPINION,
                  BE OCCUPIED AGAIN, REDUCED BY TENANT'S PROCEEDS FROM ANY
                  BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER INSURANCE.

SUBORDINATION 16.

                  TENANT SHALL, UPON LANDLORD'S REQUEST, SUBORDINATE THIS LEASE
                  TO ANY FIRST LIEN OR GROUND LEASE HEREAFTER PLACED BY LANDLORD
                  UPON TIRE PREMISES, PROVIDED THE LENDER OR GROUND LESSOR
                  EXECUTED A NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT ASSURING TENANT THAT,
                  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DEFAULT BY LANDLORD TO THE LENDER OR
                  GROUND LESSOR, OR ANY FORECLOSURE OR DEED IN LIEU THEREOF OR
                  ANY TERMINATION OF THE GROUND LEASE, TENANT'S RIGHTS UNDER
                  THIS LEASE SHALL CONTINUE IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT AND ITS
                  POSSESSION OF THE DEMISED PREMISES SHALL REMAIN UNDISTURBED
                  EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS LEASE, IN
                  FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO TENANT AND ITS
                  COUNSEL.

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    17. At the request of Landlord, Tenant shall provide to Landlord
                  its current financial statements or other information
                  discussing financial worth which Landlord shall use solely for
                  purposes of this Lease and in connection with the ownership,
                  management and disposition of the property subject hereto.

ESTOPPEL
CERTIFICATES  18. Tenant agrees from time to time within ten (10) days after
                  request of Landlord, to deliver to Landlord, or Landlord's
                  designee, an estoppel certificate stating that this Lease is
                  in full force and effect, the date to which Rent has been
                  paid, the unexpired portion of this Lease and such other
                  matters pertaining to this Lease as may be reasonably
                  requested by Landlord. Failure by Tenant to execute and
                  deliver such certificate shall constitute an acceptance of the
                  Premises and acknowledgment by Tenant that the statements
                  included are true and correct without exception. Landlord and
                  Tenant intend that any statement delivered pursuant to this
                  paragraph may be relied upon by any mortgagee, beneficiary,
                  purchaser or prospective purchaser of the Project or any
                  interest therein. The parties agree that Tenant's obligation
                  to furnish such estoppel certificates in a timely fashion is a
                  material inducement for Landlord's execution of the Lease.

SECURITY
DEPOSIT       19. Tenant agrees to deposit with Landlord upon execution of this
                  Lease, a Security Deposit as stated in the Basic Lease
                  Information which sum shall be held by Landlord, without
                  obligation for interest, as security for the performance of
                  Tenant's covenants and obligations under this Lease, it being
                  expressly understood and agreed that such deposit is not an
                  advance rental deposit or a measure of damages incurred by
                  Landlord in case of Tenant's default. Upon the occurrence of
                  any event of default by Tenant, Landlord may, from time to
                  time, without prejudice to any other remedy provided herein or
                  provided by law, use such fund to the extent necessary to make
                  good any arrears of Rent or other payments due to Landlord
                  hereunder, and any other damage, injury, expense or liability
                  caused by such event of default, and Tenant shall pay to
                  Landlord, on demand, the amount so applied in order to restore
                  the Security Deposit to its original amount. Although the
                  Security Deposit shall be deemed the property of Landlord, any
                  remaining balance of such deposit shall be returned by
                  Landlord to Tenant at such time after termination of this
                  Lease that all of the Tenant's obligations under this Lease
                  have been fulfilled.

TENANT'S
REMEDIES      20. Tenant shall look solely to Landlord's interest in the Project
                  for recovery of any judgment from Landlord. Landlord, or if
                  Landlord is a partnership, its partners whether general or
                  limited, or if it is a corporation, its directors, officers or
                  shareholders, shall never be personally liable for any such
                  judgment. Any lien obtained to enforce any such judgment and
                  any levy of execution thereon shall be subject and subordinate
                  to any lien, mortgage or deed of trust on the Project.


                                       10
<PAGE>   11

ASSIGNMENT
AND
SUBLETTING    21. A.    Tenant shall not assign or sublet the Premises or any
                  part thereof without Landlord's prior written approval, except
                  as provided herein. If Tenant desires to assign this Lease or
                  sublet any or all of the Premises, AND PROVIDED TENANT IS NOT
                  AND HAS NOT BEEN IN MATERIAL DEFAULT DURING THE TERM OF THIS
                  LEASE, FOR WHICH TENANT HAS RECEIVED WRITTEN NOTICE OF THE
                  DEFAULT AND TENANT HAS FAILED TO CURE AS PROVIDED IN THIS
                  LEASE, Tenant shall give Landlord written notice SIXTY (60)
                  days prior to the anticipated effective date of the assignment
                  or sublease. Landlord shall then have a period of FIFTEEN
                  (15) days following receipt of such notice to notify Tenant in
                  writing that Landlord elects to permit Tenant to assign this
                  Lease or sublet such space, subject, however, to Landlord's
                  prior written approval of the proposed assignee or subtenant
                  and of any related documents or agreements associated with the
                  assignment or sublease, such consent not to be unreasonably
                  withheld so long as the use of the Premises by such proposed
                  assignee or subtenant would be a Permitted Use and would not
                  in Landlord's opinion MATERIALLY increase occupant density of
                  the Project, the proposed assignee or subtenant is of sound
                  financial condition. Written approval by Landlord of the
                  proposed assignee or subtenant shall be required. Failure by
                  Landlord to approve a proposed assignee or subtenant shall not
                  cause a termination of this Lease. LANDLORD SHALL APPROVE,
                  DISAPPROVE AS DEFINED ABOVE WITHIN FORTY-FIVE (45) DAYS OF
                  RECEIPT OF TENANT'S FIRST NOTICE OF DESIRE TO ASSIGN OR
                  SUBLEASE.

                  B.    Any Rent or other consideration realized by Tenant under
                  any such sublease or assignment in excess of the Rent payable
                  hereunder, after amortization of (1) the reasonable cost of
                  any improvements which Tenant has made for the purpose of
                  assigning or subletting all or part of the Premises and (2)
                  reasonable subletting and assignment costs, shall be divided
                  and paid, ten percent (10%) to Tenant, ninety percent (90%) to
                  Landlord.

                  C.    In any subletting or assignment undertaken by Tenant,
                  Tenant shall diligently seek to obtain the maximum rental
                  amount available in the marketplace for such subletting or
                  assignment.

                  D.    If Tenant is a corporation, a transfer of corporate
                  shares by sale, assignment, bequest, inheritance, operation of
                  law or other disposition (including such a transfer to or by a
                  receiver or trustee in federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency
                  or other proceedings), so as to result in a change in the
                  present control of such corporation or any of its parent
                  corporations by the person or persons owning a majority of
                  said corporate shares, shall constitute an assignment for
                  purposes of this paragraph.

                  E.    If Tenant is a partnership, joint venture or other
                  unincorporated business form, a transfer of the interest of
                  persons, firms or entities responsible for managerial control
                  of Tenant by sale, assignment, bequest, inheritance, or
                  operation of law or other disposition, so as to result in a
                  change in the present control of said entity and/or a change
                  in the identity of the persons responsible for the general
                  credit obligations of said entity shall constitute an
                  assignment for all purposes of this paragraph.

                  F.    No assignment or subletting by Tenant shall relieve
                  Tenant of any obligations under this Lease. Any assignment or
                  subletting which conflicts with the provisions hereof shall be
                  void.

                  G.    ANY PROVISION IN THIS LEASE TO THE CONTRARY
                  NOTWITHSTANDING, LANDLORD'S CONSENT SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED FOR
                  A TRANSFER: (a) TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WHO CONTROLS, IS
                  CONTROLLED BY OR IS UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH TENANT; (b) TO
                  ANY CORPORATION RESULTING FROM THE MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION
                  WITH TENANT (PROVIDED THAT TENANT'S ABILITY TO PERFORM ALL OF
                  ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS LEASE ARE IN NO WAY REDUCED, AND
                  THE OCCUPANCY DENSITY OF THE PREMISES IS NOT MATERIALLY
                  INCREASED, AS A RESULT OF SUCH MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION); OR
                  (c) TO ANY PERSON OR LEGAL ENTITY HAVING A CONSOLIDATED NET
                  WORTH WITH TENANT OF AT LEAST $30,000,000, WHICH ACQUIRES ALL
                  THE ASSETS OF TENANT AS A GOING CONCERN OF THE BUSINESS BEING
                  CONDUCTED ON THE PREMISES (EACH OF THE FOREGOING IS
                  HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS A "TENANT AFFILIATE"); PROVIDED
                  THAT BEFORE SUCH ASSIGNMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE, (a) SAID
                  TENANT AFFILIATE SHALL ASSUME, IN FULL, THE OBLIGATIONS OF
                  TENANT UNDER THIS LEASE, (b) LANDLORD SHALL BE GIVEN WRITTEN
                  NOTICE OF SUCH ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AND (c) THE USE OF
                  THE PREMISES BY THE TENANT AFFILIATE SHALL BE AS SET FORTH IN
                  PARAGRAPH 4. FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM
                  "CONTROL" MEANS POSSESSION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OF THE
                  POWER TO DIRECT OR CAUSE THE DIRECTION OF THE MANAGEMENT,
                  AFFAIRS AND POLICIES OF ANYONE, WHETHER THROUGH THE OWNERSHIP
                  OF VOTING SECURITIES, BY CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE.

QUIET
ENJOYMENT     22. Landlord represents that it has full right and authority to
                  enter into this Lease and that Tenant, upon paying the Rent
                  and performing its other covenants and agreements herein set
                  forth, shall peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the
                  Premises for the Term hereof without hindrance or molestation
                  from Landlord, subject to the terms and provisions of this
                  Lease.

CONDEMNATION  23. A.    If the whole, or any substantial portion of the Project
                  of which the Premises are a part, should be taken or condemned
                  for any public use under governmental law, ordinance, or
                  regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by private
                  purchase in lieu thereof, and the taking would prevent or
                  materially interfere with the Permitted Use of the Premises,
                  this Lease shall terminate and the Rent shall be abated during
                  the unexpired portion of this lease, effective when the
                  physical taking of said Premises shall have occurred.


                                       11
<PAGE>   12

                  B.    If a portion of the Project of which the Premises are a
                  part should be taken or condemned for any public use under any
                  governmental law, ordinance, or regulation, or by right of
                  eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof, and
                  this Lease is not terminated as provided in subparagraph 23.A.
                  above, this Lease shall not terminate, but the Rent payable
                  hereunder during the unexpired portion of the Lease shall be
                  reduced to such extent as may be fair and reasonable under all
                  of the circumstances.

                  C.    Landlord shall be entitled to any and all payment,
                  income, rent, award, or any interest therein whatsoever which
                  may be paid or made in connection with such taking or
                  conveyance and Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord or
                  otherwise for the value of any unexpired portion of this
                  Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, any
                  compensation specifically awarded Tenant for loss of business,
                  Tenant's personal property, moving cost or loss of goodwill,
                  shall be and remain the property of Tenant.

CASUALTY
DAMAGE        24. A.    If the Premises should be damaged or destroyed by fire,
                  tornado or other casualty, Tenant shall give immediate written
                  notice thereof to Landlord. Within thirty (30) days of such
                  notice, Landlord shall notify Tenant whether in Landlord's
                  opinion such repairs can be made either (1) within ninety
                  (90) days, (2) in more than ninety (90) days, but in less than
                  one hundred eighty (180) days, or (3) in more than one hundred
                  eighty (180) days from the date of such notice; Landlord's
                  determination shall be binding on Tenant.

                  B.    If the Premises should be damaged by fire, tornado or
                  other casualty but only to such extent that rebuilding or
                  repairs can in Landlord's estimation be completed within
                  ninety (90) days after the date upon which Landlord is
                  notified by Tenant of such damage, this Lease shall not
                  terminate, and Landlord shall at its sole cost and expense
                  thereupon proceed with reasonable diligence to rebuild and
                  repair the Premises to substantially the condition in which
                  they existed prior to such damage, except that Landlord shall
                  not be required to rebuild, repair or replace any part of the
                  partitions, fixtures, additions and other improvements which
                  may have been placed in, on or about the Premises by Tenant.
                  If the Premises are untenantable in whole or in part following
                  such damage, the Rent payable hereunder during the period in
                  which they are untenantable shall be reduced to such extent as
                  may be fair and reasonable under all of the circumstances.

                  C.    If the Premises should be damaged by fire, tornado or
                  other casualty, but only to such extent that rebuilding or
                  repairs can in Landlord's estimation be completed in more than
                  ninety (90) days but in less than one hundred eighty (180)
                  days, then Landlord shall have the option of either (1)
                  terminating the Lease effective upon the date of the
                  occurrence of such damage, in which event the Rent shall be
                  abated during the unexpired portion of the Lease, or (2)
                  electing to rebuild or repair the Premises to substantially
                  the condition in which they existed prior to such damage
                  except that Landlord shall not be required to rebuild, repair
                  or replace any part of the partitions, fixtures, additions and
                  other improvements which may have been placed in, on or about
                  the Premises by Tenant. If the Premises are untenantable in
                  whole or in part following such damage, the Rent payable
                  hereunder during the period in which they are untenantable
                  shall be reduced to such extent as may be fair and reasonable
                  under all of the circumstances. In the event that Landlord
                  should fail to complete such repairs and rebuilding within one
                  hundred eighty (180) days after the date upon which Landlord
                  is notified by Tenant of such damage, such period of time to
                  be extended for delays caused by the fault or neglect of
                  Tenant or because of acts of God, acts of public agencies,
                  labor disputes, strikes, fires, freight embargoes, rainy or
                  stormy weather, inability to obtain materials, supplies or
                  fuels, or delay of the contractors or subcontractors due to
                  such causes or other contingencies beyond the reasonable
                  control of Landlord, Tenant may at its option terminate this
                  Lease by delivering thirty (30) days prior written notice of
                  termination to Landlord as Tenant's exclusive remedy,
                  whereupon all rights and obligations hereunder shall cease and
                  terminate.

                  D.    If the Premises should be so damaged by fire, tornado,
                  or other casualty that rebuilding or repairs cannot in
                  Landlord's estimation be completed within one hundred eighty
                  (180) days after the date upon which Landlord is notified by
                  Tenant of such damage, this Lease shall terminate and the Rent
                  shall be abated during the unexpired portion of this Lease,
                  effective upon the date of the occurrence of such damage.

                  E.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the
                  event that holder of any indebtedness secured by a mortgage or
                  deed of trust covering the Premises requires that the
                  insurance proceeds be applied to such indebtedness, then
                  Landlord shall have the right to terminate this Lease by
                  delivering written notice of termination to Tenant within
                  fifteen (15) days after such requirement is made by any such
                  holder, whereupon all rights and obligations hereunder shall
                  cease and terminate.

                  F.    The provision of Section 1942, Subdivision 2, and
                  Section 1933, Subdivision 4, of the Civil Code of California
                  is superseded by the foregoing.

HOLDING OVER  25. IF IN LANDLORD'S OPINION ACTIVE NEGOTIATION OF A RENEWAL IS
                  NOT UNDERWAY AND PROGRESSING, AND IF Tenant retains possession
                  of the Premises or any portion thereof without Landlord's
                  consent following the expiration of the Lease or sooner
                  termination for any reason, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord
                  for each day of such retention ONE AND A HALF TIMES the amount
                  of the daily rental for the first month prior to the date of
                  expiration or termination. IN THE EVENT OF A RENEWAL OF THE
                  LEASE, SAID HOLD OVER MONIES WILL BE APPLIED TO THE RENEWAL
                  PERIOD AT THE RENEWAL RATE. Tenant shall also indemnify and
                  hold Landlord harmless from any loss or liability resulting
                  from delay by Tenant in

                                       12
<PAGE>   13

                  surrendering the Premises, including, without limitation, any
                  claims made by any succeeding tenant founded on such delay.
                  Acceptance of Rent by Landlord following expiration or
                  termination shall not constitute a renewal of this Lease, and
                  nothing contained in this paragraph shall waive Landlord's
                  right of reentry or any other right. Tenant shall be only a
                  tenant at sufferance, whether or not Landlord accepts any Rent
                  from Tenant while Tenant is holding over without Landlord's
                  written consent. Additionally, in the event that upon
                  termination of the Lease, Tenant has not fulfilled its
                  obligation with respect to repairs and cleanup of the Premises
                  or any other Tenant obligations as set forth in this Lease,
                  then Landlord shall have the right to perform any such
                  obligations as it deems necessary at Tenant's sole cost and
                  expense, and the terms of this paragraph shall apply.

DEFAULT       26. A.    EVENTS OF DEFAULT. The occurrence of any of the
                  following shall constitute an event of default on the part of
                  Tenant:

                        (2)   NONPAYMENT OF RENT. Failure to pay any installment
                  of Rent or any other amount due and payable hereunder upon the
                  date when said payment is due, such failure continuing without
                  cure by payment of the delinquent Rent and late charge or
                  other obligations for a period of five (5) days after written
                  notice and demand; provided, however, that except as expressly
                  otherwise provided herein, Landlord shall not be required to
                  provide such notice more than twice during the Term, the third
                  such non-payment constituting default for all purposes hereof
                  without requirements of notice.

                        (3)   OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Failure to perform any
                  obligations, agreement or covenant under this Lease other than
                  those matters specified in subparagraphs (1) and (2) of this
                  subparagraph 26A, such failure continuing for fifteen (15)
                  days after written notice of such failure, or such longer
                  period as Landlord determines to be necessary to remedy such
                  default, provided that Tenant shall continuously and
                  diligently pursue such remedy at all times until such default
                  is cured.

                        (4)   GENERAL ASSIGNMENT. A general assignment by Tenant
                  for the benefit of creditors.

                        (5)   BANKRUPTCY. The filing of any voluntary petition
                  in bankruptcy by Tenant, or the filing of an involuntary
                  petition by Tenant's creditors, which involuntary petition
                  remains undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days. In the
                  event that under applicable law, the trustee in bankruptcy or
                  Tenant has the right to affirm this Lease and continue to
                  perform the obligation of Tenant hereunder, such trustee or
                  Tenant shall, in such time period as may be permitted by the
                  bankruptcy court having jurisdiction, cure all defaults of
                  Tenant hereunder outstanding as of the date of the affirmance
                  of this Lease and provide to Landlord such adequate assurances
                  as may be necessary to ensure Landlord of the continued
                  performance of Tenant's obligations under this Lease.

                        (6)   RECEIVERSHIP. The employment of a receiver to take
                  possession of substantially all of Tenant's assets of the
                  Premises, if such attachment or other seizure remains
                  undismissed or undischarged for a period of ten (10) days
                  after the levy thereof.

                        (7)   ATTACHMENT. The attachment, execution or other
                  judicial seizure of all or substantially all of Tenant's
                  assets of the Premises, if such attachment or other seizure
                  remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of ten (10)
                  days after the levy thereof.

                  B.    REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT.

                        (1)   RENT. All failures to pay any monetary obligation
                  to be paid by Tenant under this Lease shall be construed as
                  obligations for payment of Rent.

                        (2)   TERMINATION. In the event of the occurrence of any
                  event of default, Landlord shall have the right, with or
                  without notice or demand, to immediately terminate this Lease,
                  and at any time thereafter recover possession of the Premises
                  or any part thereof and expel and remove therefrom Tenant and
                  any other person occupying the same, by any lawful means, and
                  again repossess and enjoy the Premises without prejudice to
                  any of the remedies that Landlord may have under this Lease,
                  or at law or equity by reason of Tenant's default or of such
                  termination.

                        (3)   CONTINUATION AFTER DEFAULT. Even though Tenant has
                  breached this Lease and/or abandoned the Premises, this Lease
                  shall continue in effect for so long as Landlord does not
                  terminate Tenant's right to possession under Paragraph
                  26.B.(2) hereof, and Landlord may enforce all its rights and
                  remedies under this Lease, including, but without limitation,
                  the right to recover Rent as it becomes due, and Landlord,
                  without terminating this Lease, may exercise all of the rights
                  and remedies of a Landlord under Section 1951.4 of the Civil
                  Code of the State of California or any successor code section.
                  Acts of maintenance preservation or efforts to lease the
                  Premises or the appointment of a receiver upon application of
                  Landlord to protect Landlord's interest under this Lease shall
                  not constitute an election to terminate Tenant's right to
                  possession.


                                       13
<PAGE>   14

                  C.    DAMAGES UPON TERMINATION. Should Landlord terminate this
                  Lease pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 26.B.(2) hereof,
                  Landlord shall have all the rights and remedies of a Landlord
                  provided by Section 1951.2 of the Civil Code of the State of
                  California, or successor code sections. Upon such termination,
                  in addition to any other rights and remedies to which Landlord
                  may be entitled under applicable law, Landlord shall be
                  entitled to recover from Tenant: (1) the worth at the time of
                  award of the unpaid Rent and other amounts which had been
                  earned at the time of termination, (2) the worth at the time
                  of award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent which would
                  have been earned after termination until the time of award
                  exceeds the amount of such Rent loss that the Tenant proves
                  could have been reasonably avoided, (3) the worth at the time
                  of award of the amount by which the unpaid Rent for the
                  balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount
                  of such Rent loss that the Tenant proves could be reasonably
                  avoided, and (4) any other amount necessary to compensate
                  Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant's
                  failure to perform its obligations under the lease or which,
                  in the ordinary course of things, would be likely to result
                  therefrom. The "worth at the time of award" of the amounts
                  referred to in (1) and (2) above shall be computed with
                  interest at the maximum rate allowed by law. The "worth at the
                  time of award" of the amount referred to in (3) above shall be
                  computed by discounting such amount at the Federal Discount
                  Rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time
                  of the award plus one percent (1%).

                  D.    LATE CHARGE. In addition to its other remedies, Landlord
                  shall have the right without notice or demand to add to the
                  amount of any payment required to be made by Tenant hereunder,
                  and which is not paid on or before the date the same is due,
                  an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the delinquency for
                  each month or portion thereof that the delinquency remains
                  outstanding to compensate Landlord for the loss of the use of
                  the amount not paid and the administrative costs caused by the
                  delinquency, the parties agreeing that Landlord's damage by
                  virtue of such delinquencies would be difficult to compute and
                  the amount stated herein represents a reasonable estimate
                  thereof.

                  E.    REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. All rights, privileges and
                  elections or remedies of the parties are cumulative and not
                  alternative to the extent permitted by law and except as
                  otherwise provided herein.

LIENS         27. Tenant shall keep the premises free from liens arising out of
                  or related to work performed, materials or supplies furnished
                  or obligations incurred by Tenant or in connection with work
                  made, suffered or done by Tenant in or on the Premises or
                  Project. In the event that Tenant shall not, within ten (10)
                  days following the imposition of any such lien, cause the same
                  to be released of record by payment or posting of a proper
                  bond, Landlord shall have, in addition to all other remedies
                  provided herein and by law, the right, but not the obligation,
                  to cause the same to be released by such means as it shall
                  deem proper, including payment of the claim giving rise to
                  such lien. All sums paid by Landlord on behalf of Tenant and
                  all expenses incurred by Landlord in connection therefore
                  shall be payable to Landlord by Tenant on demand with interest
                  at the maximum rate allowable by law. Landlord shall have the
                  right at all times to post and keep posted on the Premises any
                  notices permitted or required by law, or which Landlord shall
                  deem proper, for the protection of Landlord, the Premises, the
                  Project and any other party having an interest herein, from
                  mechanics' and materialmen's liens, and Tenant shall give
                  Landlord not less than ten (10) business days prior written
                  notice of the commencement of any work in the Premises or
                  Project which could lawfully give rise to a claim for
                  mechanics' or materialmen's lien.

TRANSFERS BY
LANDLORD      29. In the event of a sale or conveyance by Landlord of the
                  Project, the same shall operate to release Landlord from any
                  future liability upon any of the covenants or conditions,
                  express or implied, herein contained in favor of Tenant, and
                  in such event Tenant agrees to look solely to the
                  responsibility of the successor in interests of Landlord in
                  and to this Lease. This Lease shall not be affected by any
                  such sale and Tenant agrees to attorn to the purchaser or
                  assignee.


                                       14
<PAGE>   15

RIGHT OF
LANDLORD TO
PERFORM
TENANT'S
COVENANTS     30. All covenants and agreements to be performed by Tenant under
                  any of the terms of this Lease shall be performed by Tenant,
                  at Tenant's sole cost and expense, and without any abatement
                  of Rent. If Tenant shall fail to pay any sum of money other
                  than Rent, required to be paid by it hereunder, or shall fail
                  to perform any other act on its part to be performed
                  hereunder, and such failure shall continue for ten (10) days
                  after notice thereof by Landlord, Landlord may, but shall not
                  be obligated to do so, and without waiving or releasing Tenant
                  from any obligations of the Tenant, make any such payment or
                  perform any such act on the Tenant's part to be made or
                  performed. All sums so paid by Landlord and all necessary
                  incidental costs together with interest thereon at the maximum
                  rate permitted by law from the date of such payment by the
                  Landlord shall be payable to Landlord on demand, and Tenant
                  covenants to pay such sums, and Landlord shall have, in
                  addition to any other right or remedy of Landlord, the same
                  right and remedies in the event of the nonpayment thereof by
                  Tenant as in the case of default by Tenant in the payment of
                  Rent.

WAIVER        31. If either Landlord or Tenant waives the performance of any
                  term, covenant or condition contained in this Lease, such
                  waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent
                  breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition
                  contained herein. The acceptance of rent by Landlord shall not
                  constitute a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any
                  term, covenant or condition of this Lease, regardless of
                  Landlord's knowledge of such preceding breach at the time
                  Landlord accepted such Rent. Failure by Landlord to enforce
                  any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease for
                  any length of time shall not be deemed to waive or to decrease
                  the right of Landlord to insist thereafter upon strict
                  performance by Tenant. Waiver of Landlord of any term,
                  covenant or condition contained in this Lease may only be made
                  by a written document signed by Landlord.

NOTICES       32. Each provision of this Lease or of any applicable governmental
                  laws, ordinances, regulations and other requirements with
                  reference to the sending, mailing or delivery of any notice or
                  the making of any payment by Landlord or Tenant to the other
                  shall be deemed to be complied with when and if the following
                  steps are taken:

                  A.    All Rent and other payments required to be made by
                  Tenant to Landlord hereunder shall be payable to Landlord at
                  the address set forth in the Basic Lease Information, or at
                  such other address as Landlord may specify from time to time
                  by written notice delivered in accordance herewith. Tenant's
                  obligation to pay Rent and any other amounts to Landlord under
                  the terms of this Lease shall not be deemed satisfied until
                  such Rent and other amounts have been actually received by
                  Landlord.

                  B.    All notices, demands, consents and approvals which may
                  or are required to be given by either party to the other
                  hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
                  fully given when deposited in the United States mail,
                  certified or registered, postage prepaid, or express mail or
                  confirmed facsimile and addressed to the party to be notified
                  at the address for such party specified in the Basic Lease
                  Information or to such other place as the party to be notified
                  may from time to time designate by at least fifteen (15) days
                  notice to the notifying party. Tenant appoints as its agent to
                  receive the service of all default notices and notice of
                  commencement of unlawful detainer proceedings the persons
                  named in the Basic Lease Information in addition to the person
                  in charge of or apparently in charge of or occupying the
                  Premises at the time, and, if there is no such person, then
                  such service may be made by mailing to the persons named in
                  the Basic Lease Information and attaching the same on the main
                  entrance of the Premises.

ATTORNEYS'
FEES          33. In the event either party places the enforcement of this
                  Lease, or any part thereof, or the collection of any Rent due,
                  or to become due hereunder, or recovery of the possession of
                  the Premises in the hands of an attorney or files suit upon
                  the same, the prevailing party shall recover its reasonable
                  attorneys' fees and court costs.

SUCCESSORS
AND ASSIGNS   34. This Lease shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
                  Landlord, its successors and assigns, and shall be binding
                  upon and inure to the benefit of Tenant, its successors, and
                  to the extent assignment may be approved by Landlord
                  hereunder, Tenant's assigns.

FORCE MAJEURE 35. Whenever a period of time is herein prescribed for action to
                  be taken by Landlord, Landlord shall not be liable or
                  responsible for, and there shall be excluded from the
                  computation for any such period of time, any delays due to
                  strike, riots, acts of God, shortages of labor or materials,
                  war, governmental laws, regulations or restrictions or any
                  other causes of any kind whatsoever which are beyond the
                  control of Landlord.

MISCELLANEOUS 36. A.    The term "Tenant" or any pronoun used in place thereof
                  shall indicate and include the masculine or feminine, the
                  singular or plural number, individuals, firms or corporations,
                  and their and each of their respective successors, executors,
                  administrators and permitted assigns, according to the context
                  hereof.

                  B.    Time is of the essence regarding this Lease and all of
                  its provisions.

                  C.    This Lease shall in all respects be governed by the laws
                  of the State of California.

                  D.    This Lease, together with its exhibits, contains all the
                  agreements of the parties hereto and supersedes any previous
                  negotiations.



                                       15
<PAGE>   16

                  E.    There have been no representations made by the Landlord
                  or understandings made between the parties other than those
                  set forth in this Lease and its exhibits.

                  F.    This Lease may not be modified except by a written
                  instrument by the parties hereto.

                  G.    If, for any reason whatsoever, any of the provisions
                  hereof shall be unenforceable or ineffective, all of the other
                  provisions shall be and remain in full force and effect.


ONE TIME RIGHT
TO CANCEL     37. Tenant shall be granted a one time right to cancel this Lease,
                  provided that Tenant is not, and has not been, in material
                  default throughout this Lease, for which Tenant has received
                  written notice of the default and Tenant has failed to cure as
                  provided in this Lease. Termination will occur on the first
                  day of the thirty-seventh (37th) month only if activated by
                  Tenant giving Landlord at least one hundred eighty (180) days
                  prior written notice of its intent together with a payment of
                  all unamortized costs incurred by Landlord for the tenant
                  improvements outlined in Exhibit C and Exhibit C-l attached
                  hereto, including permits and space planning costs and using
                  straight line amortization, plus three months rent equivalent
                  to the 37th, 38th and 39th months base rent plus operating
                  expenses ("Cancellation Fee"). Nonpayment of the 37th month
                  base rent equivalent from the Cancellation Fee at time of said
                  notice, lack of written notification per the above outlined
                  schedule, or any material event of default whatsoever during
                  the term of this Lease for which Tenant has received written
                  notice of the default and Tenant has failed to cure as
                  provided in this Lease renders this paragraph null and void.
                  The balance of the Cancellation Fee (the unamortized
                  construction costs plus the 38th and 39th month base rent
                  equivalent plus the operating costs for the 37th through the
                  39th month) shall be due on the effective date of termination.

              38. LEASE EFFECTIVE DATE. Submission of this instrument for
                  examination or signature by Tenant does not constitute a
                  reservation or option for lease, and it is not effective as a
                  lease or otherwise until execution by Landlord and Tenant.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease according to the
dates listed below.

"Landlord"                                   "Tenant"

SPIEKER PROPERTIES, L. P.,                   INTUIT INC.,
a California limited partnership             a Delaware corporation

BY: SPIEKER PROPERTIES, INC.                 BY: /s/ DAVID A. KINSER
a Maryland Corporation                          ---------------------------
Its: General Partner                            David A. Kinser
                                             Its: Senior Vice President,
                                                  Operations

By: /s/ RICHARD L. ROMNEY
    --------------------------
     Richard L. Romney
     Senior Vice President

Date: 7/14/97


                                       16
<PAGE>   17

                                   EXHIBIT "A"
                              PROJECT AND BUILDING
                                  Not to scale
                      West Building-5950 Nancy Ridge Drive
                      East Building-6060 Nancy Ridge Drive




                                  [FLOOR PLAN]




                   SITE PLAN BUILDING 2 & 3 (LOTS 102 & 103)











                                       17
<PAGE>   18



                                   EXHIBIT "B"
                                    PREMISES

 Floor plan of the subject Premises located at 6060 Nancy Ridge Drive, Suite B,
                             San Diego, California

                                   Not to scale





                                  [FLOOR PLAN]






                                       18
<PAGE>   19

                                   EXHIBIT "C"
                     TENANT IMPROVEMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS

Landlord will contribute Three hundred and three thousand dollars ($303,000)
("Landlord's Contribution") toward mutually acceptable tenant improvements
detailed as follows. Tenant is required to pay prior to occupancy, any costs for
Tenant's work which exceeds the total of Landlord's Contribution. Landlord will
cause to be constructed approximately 9,200 rentable square feet of improved
office area per the attached Exhibit C-l to include a reception, conference
room, 3 private offices, 2 large open office areas, duplication room, mail room,
computer/printing room storage, lunch room, AL room, storage and two (2) large
rest rooms. AS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO LANDLORD'S CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS TENANT
IMPROVEMENT COSTS, TENANT HEREBY AGREES TO REMOVE, AT TENANT'S SOLE COST UPON
TERMINATION OR OTHER SUCH END TO THIS LEASE, OFFICE AREA IMPROVEMENTS OF
LANDLORD'S CHOICE IN EXCESS OF 10% OF THE PREMISES RENTABLE AREA. IN THIS CASE
OFFICE AREA OVER 6,000 SQUARE FEET IS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL AT TENANT'S COST AND
AT LANDLORD'S OPTION.

                  The OFFICE AREA WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FINISH:

                  -     heating, ventilation and air-conditioning throughout

                  -     acoustical tile ceiling with batt insulation above

                  -     fire sprinklers

                  -     recessed fluorescent lighting (standard office
                  footcandle)

                  -     painted walls with building standard paint (insulation
                  in all perimeter and restroom walls)

                  -     carpet, VCT or vinyl in all office areas ($12.50/sq.yd.
                  building standard allowance; color selection by Tenant)

                  -     convenience electrical-120 volt power per code
                  requirements, up to two (2) dedicated circuits and telephone
                  outlets, mud ring only for phones

                  -     solid core wood doors and metal door frames

                  -     2 rest rooms each to contain one sink and one water
                  closet

                  THE WAREHOUSE WILL BE IMPROVED AS FOLLOWS:

                  -     full height demising wall separating adjacent tenant

                  -     Metal Halide HID lighting (20-25 footcandles)

                  -     electrical service with transformer to step down from
                  480 (not to exceed 200 amps of 120/280V power)

                  -     sealed concrete floor

                  -     single coat while paint on walls

                  -     separate gas and electric meters

                  -     ESFR sprinklers provided in warehouse-stacking of
                  materials and all racking systems are the sole responsibility
                  of Tenant and must be in conformance to ESFR type sprinklers
                  and City of San Diego guidelines

                  -     Eight (8) hydrolic Rite Hite dock levelers without
                  dock locks, at locations determined by Tenant, cost not to
                  exceed $5,400 per unit.

Any additions or modifications to the improvements must be approved in writing
by Landlord. Any increase in cost, including the cost of design, as a result of
such addition or modification shall be acknowledged by Tenant in writing and
paid to Landlord within 30 days of occupancy. Any delay in construction caused
by these changes which extends the completion of the improvements shall not
alter the Commencement Date of the Lease.

Landlord appoints Landlord's Representative to act for Landlord and Tenant
appoints Tenant's Representative to act for Tenant in all matters covered by
this Work Letter. All inquires, requests, instructions, authorizations, and
other communications with respect the matters covered by this Work Letter will
be made to Landlord's Representative or Tenant's Representative, as the case may
be. Tenant will not make any inquires of or requests to, and will not give any
instructions or authorizations to, any other employee or agent of Landlord,
including Landlord's architect, engineers, or contractors or any of their agents
or employees, with regard to matters covered by this Work Letter. Either party
may change its Representative under this Work Letter at any time with three (3)
days' prior written notice to the other party.


Tenant's Representative:               Steve Crossley

Landlord's Representative:             Tina Ravizza

Space Planner:                         Sean Tracy-Pacific Cornerstone Architects

Contractor:                            R. G. Petty Contracting

TENANT'S TAKING POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE PREMISES SHALL
NOT CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF ANY WARRANTY OR OF ANY DEFECT IN REGARD TO
WORKMANSHIP OR MATERIAL OF THE BUILDING AND OTHER IMPROVEMENTS THAT ARE PART OF
THE PREMISES ("CONSTRUCTION DEFECT"). IF LANDLORD DOES NOT ASSIGN ANY AND ALL
WARRANTIES FOR THE EQUIPMENT ACRD CONSTRUCTION, TENANT SHALL HAVE SIX (6) MONTHS
OR THE ACTUAL APPLICABLE WARRANTY PERIOD AFTER IT ERAS TAKEN POSSESSION OF THE
PREMISES WITHIN WHICH TO NOTIFY LANDLORD OF ANY CONSTRUCTION DEFECT EXCEPT FOR
LATENT DEFECTS. LANDLORD SHALL HAVE A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE TIME FRAME TO
CORRECT OR REMEDY ANY CONSTRUCTION DEFECT.


                                       19
<PAGE>   20

                                  EXHIBIT "C-1"
                     TENANT IMPROVEMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS
                                OFFICE AREA ONLY




                       FLOOR PLAN FOR: INTUIT 60585 S.F.


                                       20
<PAGE>   21

                                   EXHIBIT "D"
                                SIGNAGE CRITERIA

      Uniform signage subject to Landlord's approval is allowed above Tenant's
suite entrance. Monument signage is being considered for the project, and if
approved, Tenant will be offered a portion of the monument sign allocated for
Tenant signage.



















                                       21
<PAGE>   22
                                  EXHIBIT "E"
                SUMMARY OF COMPREHENSIVE LAND USE PLAN ("CLUP")

     Tenant hereby acknowledges it has been made aware of a comprehensive land
use plan created and administered by San Diego Association of Governments
("SANDAG") adopted in October 1990 and amended in 1992, which is subject to
further amendment, attached in summary form below. This is provided for
informational purposes only. Further detail regarding the CLUP is available from
SANDAG.

                                      CLUP

                          Comprehensive Land Use Plan
                                      1990

                       [PHOTOGRAPH OF JET FIGHTER PLANE]

                           Naval Air Station Miramar
                             San Diego, California


                  AIRPORT NOISE/LAND USE COMPATIBILITY MATRIX
                           IMPLEMENTATION DIRECTIVES

All the uses specified are "compatible" up to the noise level indicated.
Specified uses are also allowed as "conditionally compatible" in the noise
levels shown if two specific conditions are met and certified by the local
general purpose agency:

- -    Proposed buildings will be noise attenuated to the level shown on the
     matrix based on an acoustical study submitted along with building plans.

- -    In the case of discretionary actions, such as approval of subdivisions,
     zoning changes, or conditional use permits, an aviation easement for noise
     shall be required to be recorded with the County Recorder as a condition of
     approval of the project. A copy shall also be filed with the affected
     airport operator. For all property transactions, appropriate legal notice
     shall be given to all purchasers, lessees and renters of property in
     "conditionally compatible" areas which clearly describes the potential for
     impacts from airplane noise associated with airport operations. Notice will
     also be provided as required on the State Real Estate Disclosure form.

Identified uses proposed in noisier areas than the level indicated on the matrix
are considered "incompatible."

The directives below relate to the specific "conditionally compatible" land use
categories identified by number on the matrix.

3.   New schools, preschools and libraries located within the CNEL 60-65
     contours must be subjected to an acoustical study to assure that interior
     levels will not exceed CNEL 45.

4.   New residential and related uses located within the CNEL 60-65 contours
     must be subjected to an acoustical study to assure that interior levels
     will not exceed CNEL 45. Appropriate legal notice shall be provided to
     purchasers, lessees, and renters of properties in this conditionally
     compatible zone in the manner previously described.

     "Residential hotels" are defined as those that have 75% or more of
     accommodations occupied by permanent guests (staying more than 30 days) or
     those hotels which have at least 50 percent of their accommodations
     containing kitchens.

5.   Transient Lodging is defined as hotels and motels, membership lodgings (Y's
     etc.), suite or apartment hotels, hotels, or other temporary residence
     units, not defined as residential hotels, above. Within the CNEL 60-70
     contours, buildings must be subjected to an acoustical study to assure that
     interior levels do not exceed CNEL 45. Appropriate legal notice shall be
     provided to purchasers, lessees, and renters of properties in this
     conditionally compatible zone in the manner previously described.

6.   Office buildings include many types of office and service uses: business
     and business services; finance, insurance, real estate; personal services;
     professional (medical, legal and educational); and government, research and
     development and others. Within the CNEL 65-70 contours, buildings must be
     subjected to an acoustical study to assure that interior levels do not
     exceed CNEL 50. Appropriate legal notice shall be provided to purchasers,
     lessees, and renters of properties in this conditionally compatible zone in
     the manner previously described.

8.   For new commercial retail uses located within the CNEL 65-75 contours,
     buildings must be subjected to an acoustical study to assure that interior
     levels do not exceed CNEL 50. Appropriate legal notice shall be provided to
     purchasers, lessees, and renters of properties in this conditionally
     compatible zone in the manner previously described.


                                       22
<PAGE>   23

WHAT IS THE CLUP?

The Naval Air Station (NAS) Miramar Comprehensive Land Use Plan (CLUP)
represents Navy and community recommendations for achieving compatible
development near the air station. The CLUP was prepared by the San Diego
Association of Governments (SANDAG) under authority of Article 3.5 of the
California Public Utilities Code. The CLUP also incorporates recommendations of
the Navy's Air Installation Compatible Use Zones (AICUZ) program, part of a
nation-wide planning effort by the Department of Defense to look at accident
potential and noise impacts around each military air installation in the United
States. The goals of the CLUP are to:

     *    Protect NAS Miramar from incompatible land uses;

     *    Provide criteria for the orderly growth of the area surrounding the
          air station;

     *    Safeguard the general welfare of those inhabitants within the vicinity
          of the air station by protecting them from the adverse effects of
          aircraft noise and accident potential; and

     *    Ensure that no obstructions or other hazards affect navigable
          airspace.

WHY IS THERE A PROBLEM?

Many military and civilian airfields were originally constructed in the open
countryside. Over the years pressures to house a growing population meant people
tended to move onto land near airfields. This nearby land normally has
established access routes, and in many cases offers the advantages of living or
working close to a major employment base. Meanwhile the level of air traffic has
increased. These counteracting trends can cause problems for the air facility as
well as local residents. Specifically, problems arise when use of the land is
not controlled for compatibility with air operations.

Although noise impact areas no longer grow at rates experienced in the 1970's
(and have actually decreased at NAS Miramar), the land near all airfields will
continue to have high noise levels and potential for aircraft accidents. Land
near airfields is suitable for certain types of development, such as agriculture
or industrial uses, but may not be suitable for other types of development. Land
near NAS Miramar consists of a mix of residential, commercial and industrial
uses. For the most part, these developments are considered compatible with the
current land use plan.

COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION

Land use compatibility is a shared concern of the Navy, the public, and the
local government agencies who have planning and zoning authority. The decision
makers for the local government have the key responsibility for taking actions
that preserve land use compatibility. The cooperative action of all parties
helps to resolve land use compatibility problems.

NAVY ROLE IN THE ECONOMY

More than 11,000 military and 2,500 civilian personnel work at NAS Miramar.
Nearly 2,500 bachelor and 615 married military personnel (with 1,000 dependents)
live at the air facility. An additional 1800 military, with 5,500 dependents
live in military housing off station with the rest living in the surrounding
communities. All totalled -- military, civilians and dependents -- NAS Miramar
has an extended family of nearly 30,000.

NAS Miramar is part of the naval complex in San Diego County. Over 175,000
Department of Defense personnel work in San Diego with a total economic impact
to the community of $9.5 billion annually. NAS Miramar accounts for over $700
million of this total. Overall, one in five dollars in the San Diego economy is
a Navy dollar.

INSTALLATION MISSION

NAS Miramar is the home of the jet fighter and early warning aircraft of the
Pacific Fleet. The mission of the station is to maintain and operate facilities
and provide services and materials to support operations of aviation activities
and units of the operating forces of the Navy.

WHAT IS NAS MIRAMAR DOING?

The people stationed at NAS Miramar are aware of their responsibility to
minimize noise levels and hazards for the residents of nearby communities. Since
1974, noise complaints at NAS Miramar have decreased from a high of over 2,000
to 210 in 1991. This decrease resulted from the installation of hush houses to
suppress ground engine runups, noise abatement procedures, and changes in
aircraft mix.

MORE INFORMATION

Copies of the NAS Miramar CLUP may be obtained from SANDAG. Information on
height restrictions and obstruction determination can be obtained from the
Federal Aviation Administration or NAS Miramar. Information on land use
compatibility may be obtained from the Community Planning Liaison Office at NAS
Miramar.

NAS Miramar                                Community Planning Liaison Office
NOISE COMPLAINTS                           Code: 00M, NAS Miramar
(619) 537-4277                             San Diego, CA 92145-5000
                                           (619) 537-1235

San Diego Association of Governments       Federal Aviation Administration
401 B Street, Suite 800                    13006 Aviation Blvd.
San Diego, CA 92101                        Hawthorne, CA 90261
(619) 595-5300                             (310) 297-1667



                                       23

<PAGE>   24
                          [CLUP COMPOSITE MAP GRAPHIC]


CLUP Area

The NAS Miramar CLUP Composite Map shows a combination of noise and Accident
Potential Zones (APZs). The noise descriptor used in this study is CNEL, which
stands for Community Noise Equivalent Level. CNEL is the weighted average sound
level for a 24-hour day. It is calculated by weighing evening and night
operations five and ten times more than day operations, respectively, to adjust
for the increased irritation caused by noise during evening and night hours.
The depicted noise footprint ranges from 60 dB CNEL to 75 dB CNEL. The Accident
Potential Zones represent areas that are overflown by aircraft and, therefore,
more susceptible to accidents. The three APZs are APZ II, APZ I, and the Clear
Zone; each progressively closer to the runway and potentially of more concern.
The Land Use Compatibility Guidelines for noise and APZs promote compatible
development near the air station. The guidelines recommend restricting noise
sensitive development in the high noise zones, and restricting population
density within the APZs. Zones of highest noise and accident potential have the
smallest range of compatible land use.


                                 [VICINITY MAP]


Heights and Obstructions

In addition to noise and APZ considerations, height restrictions are necessary
to insure that no object will interfere with the safe operation of aircraft or
deny operational capability of the air station. Any development proposal that
includes an object over 200 feet above ground level (AGL) or which
penetrates the 100:1 slope extending 20,000 feet from the nearest point of the
nearest runway must be submitted to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an obstruction evaluation. SANDAG and NAS Miramar must also be notified of
these proposals by the applicant. The following should also be examined for
compatibility:

        -  Uses that release into the air any substance that would impair
visibility or otherwise interfere with the operation of aircraft (e.g., dust,
smoke, or steam).

        -  Uses which emit or reflect light that would interfere with aircrew
vision.

        -  Uses that produce emissions which would interfere with aircraft
communications systems, navigation systems or other electrical systems.

        -  Uses which attract birds, such as (but not limited to) sanitary
landfills, maintenance of feed stations, growing certain types of vegetation,
etc.


                                       24
<PAGE>   25
                  Airport Noise/Land Use Compatibility Matrix

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Annual Community Noise Equivalent Level
                                                                                        (CNEL) in decibels

LAND USE                                                                  55     60     65     70     75
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>      <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
1.  OUTDOOR AMPHITHEATERS


- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.  NATURE PRESERVES, WILDLIFE PRESERVES, LIVESTOCK FARMING,
    NEIGHBORHOOD PARKS AND PLAYGROUNDS

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.  SCHOOLS, PRESCHOOLS, LIBRARIES


                                                                                  45

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.  RESIDENTIAL SINGLE FAMILY, MULTIPLE FAMILY MOBILE HOMES,
    RESIDENTIAL HOTELS, RETIREMENT HOMES, INTERMEDIATE CARE                       45
    FACILITIES, HOSPITALS, NURSING HOMES

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.  HOTELS AND MOTELS, OTHER TRANSIENT LODGING, AUDITORIUMS, CONCERT
    HALLS, INDOOR ARENAS, CHURCHES                                                45    45

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.  OFFICE BUILDINGS-BUSINESS, EDUCATIONS, PROFESSIONAL AND PERSONAL
    SERVICES; R & D OFFICES AND LABORATORIES                                            50

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.  RIDING STABLES, WATER RECREATION FACILITIES, REGIONAL PARKS AND ATHLETIC
    FIELDS, CEMETERIES, OUTDOOR SPECTATOR SPORTS, GOLF COURSES

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.  COMMERCIAL-RETAIL; SHOPPING CENTERS, RESTAURANTS, MOVIE THEATERS                    50      50

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
9.  COMMERCIAL-WHOLESALE, INDUSTRIAL; MANUFACTURING

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. AGRICULTURE (EXCEPT RESIDENCES AND LIVESTOCK EXTRACTIVE INDUSTRY,
    UTILITIES & PUBLIC R-O-W

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

This matrix should be used with reference to the Implementation Directives
shown on the reverse

[ ]   COMPATIBLE
      The outdoor community noise equivalent level in sufficiently attenuated by
      conventional construction that the indoor noise level is acceptable, and
      both indoor and outdoor activities associated with the land use may be
      carried out with essentially no interference from aircraft noise.

[45]  CONDITIONALLY COMPATIBLE

      The outdoor community noise equivalent level will be attenuated to the
      indoor level shown, and the outdoor noise level is acceptable for
      associated outdoor activities.

[ ]   INCOMPATIBLE

      The community noise equivalent level is severe. Although extensive
      mitigation techniques could make the indoor environment acceptable for
      performance of activities the outdoor environment would be intolerable
      for outdoor activities associated with the land use.


                              Land Use Compatibility In Accident Potential Zones

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

LAND USE                                                            APZ 1          APZ 2
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>

RESIDENTIAL(1) APARTMENTS, AND TRANSIENT LODGING

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASSEMBLY AREAS:
Schools, Churches, Libraries, Auditoriums, Sports Arenas, etc.,
Preschools, Nurseries, and Restaurants

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hospitals, Sanitariums, and Nursing Homes

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFFICES, RETAIL SHOPS*                                               50

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


WHOLESALE STORES, MANUFACTURING**                                    50

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


OUTDOOR USES:
Playgrounds, Neighborhood Parks,                                     50
Golf Courses, Riding Stables,
Public Right-of-Way

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Residential land uses include single family, duplex, mobile homes,
     multi-family, and retirement homes.

*   See 1992 CLUP revision for siting of flammable, hazardous, and toxic
    materials within the APZs.

**  It is suggested that lot coverage in APZ1 should be less than 25%; and less
    than 40% in APZ2.

  For further information on determining compatibility in APZs, please see
  the NAS Miramar CLUP


[             ]   COMPATIBLE
[             ]

[50 or fewer  ]   CONDITIONAL COMPATIBLE
[Persons/Acre ]

[             ]   INCOMPATIBLE
[             ]



                                       25
<PAGE>   26

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                INDUSTRIAL LEASE
                              RULES AND REGULATIONS

1.    Driveways, sidewalks, halls, passages, exits, entrances, elevators,
      escalators and stairways shall not be obstructed by tenants or used by
      tenants for any purpose other than for ingress to and egress from their
      respective premises. The driveways, sidewalks, halls, passages, exits,
      entrances, elevators and stairways are not for the use of the general
      public and Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control and
      prevent access thereto by all persons whose presence, in the judgment of
      Landlord, shall be prejudicial to the safety, character, reputation and
      interests of the Building, the Project and its tenants, provided that
      nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent such access to
      persons with whom any tenant normally deals in the ordinary course of such
      tenant's business unless such persons are engaged in illegal activities.
      No tenant, and no employees or invitees of any tenant, shall go upon the
      roof of any Building, except as authorized by Landlord.

2.    No sign, placard, banner, picture, name, advertisement or notice, visible
      from the exterior of the Premises or the Building or the common areas of
      the Building shall be inscribed, painted, affixed, installed or otherwise
      displayed by Tenant either on its Premises or any part of the Building or
      Project without the prior written consent of Landlord in Landlord's sole
      and absolute discretion. Landlord shall have the right to remove any such
      sign, placard, banner, picture, name, advertisement, or notice without
      notice to and at the expense of Tenant, which were installed or displayed
      in violation of this rule. If Landlord shall have given such consent to
      Tenant at any time, whether before or after the execution of Tenant's
      Lease, such consent shall in no way operate as a waiver or release of any
      of the provisions hereof or of the Lease, and shall be deemed to relate
      only to the particular sign, placard, banner, picture, name, advertisement
      or notice so consented to by Landlord and shall not be construed as
      dispensing with the necessity of obtaining the specific written consent of
      Landlord with respect to any other such sign, placard, banner, picture,
      name, advertisement or notice.

      All approved signs or lettering on doors and walls shall be printed,
      painted, affixed or inscribed at the expense of Tenant by a person or
      vendor approved by Landlord and shall be removed by Tenant at the time of
      vacancy at Tenant's expense.

3.    The directory of the Building or Project will be provided exclusively for
      the display of the name and location of tenants only and Landlord reserves
      the right to charge for the use thereof and to exclude any other names
      therefrom.

4.    No curtains, draperies, blinds, shutters, shades, screens or other
      coverings, awnings, hangings or decorations shall be attached to, hung or
      placed in, or used in connection with, any window or door on the Premises
      without the prior written consent of Landlord. In any event with the prior
      written consent of Landlord, all such items shall be installed inboard of
      Landlord's standard window covering and shall in no way be visible from
      the exterior of the Building. All electrical ceiling fixtures hung in
      offices or spaces along the perimeter of the Building must be fluorescent
      or of a quality, type, design, and bulb color approved by Landlord. No
      articles shall be placed or kept on the window sills so as to be visible
      from the exterior of the Building. No articles shall be placed against
      glass partitions or doors which Landlord considers unsightly from outside
      Tenant's Premises.

5.    Each tenant shall be responsible for all persons for whom it allows to
      enter the Building or the Project and shall be liable to Landlord for all
      acts of such persons.

      Landlord and its agents shall not be liable for damages for any error
      concerning the admission to, or exclusion from, the Building or the
      Project of any person.

      During the continuance of any invasion, mob, riot, public excitement or
      other circumstance rendering such action advisable in Landlord's opinion,
      Landlord reserves the right (but shall not be obligated) to prevent access
      to the Building and the Project during the continuance of that event by
      any means it considers appropriate for the safety of tenants and
      protection of the Building, property in the Building and the Project.

6.    Tenant shall not alter any lock or access device or install a new or
      additional lock or access device or bolt on any door of its Premises,
      without the prior written consent of Landlord. If Landlord shall give its
      consent, Tenant shall in each case furnish Landlord with a key for any
      such lock. Tenant, upon the termination of its tenancy, shall deliver to
      Landlord the keys for all doors which have been furnished to Tenant, and
      in the event of loss of any keys so furnished, shall pay Landlord
      therefor.

7.    The restrooms, toilets, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall not
      be used for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed
      and no foreign substance of any kind whatsoever shall be thrown into them.
      The expense of any breakage, stoppage, or damage resulting from violation
      of this rule shall be borne by the tenant who, or whose employees or
      invitees, shall have caused the breakage, stoppage, or damage.

8.    Tenant shall not use or keep in or on the Premises, the Building or the
      Project any kerosene, gasoline, or inflammable or combustible fluid or
      material except in strict accordance with the terms of the Lease.

9.    Tenant shall not use, keep or permit to be used or kept in its Premises
      any foul or noxious gas or substance. Tenant shall not allow the Premises
      to be occupied or used in a manner offensive or objectionable to Landlord
      or other occupants of the Building by reason of noise, odors and/or
      vibrations or interfere in any way with other tenants or those having
      business therein, nor shall any animals or birds be brought or kept in or
      about the Premises, the Building, or the Project.

10.   Except with the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant shall not sell,
      or permit the sale, at retail, of newspapers, magazines, periodicals,
      theater tickets or any other goods or merchandise in or on the Premises,
      nor shall Tenant carry on, or permit or allow any employee or other person
      to carry on, the business of stenography, typewriting or any similar
      business in or from the Premises for the service or accommodation of
      occupants of any other portion of the Building, or the business of a
      public barber shop, beauty parlor, nor shall the Premises be used for any
      illegal, improper, immoral or objectionable purpose, or any business or
      activity other than that specifically provided for in such Tenant's Lease.
      Tenant shall not accept hairstyling, barbering, shoeshine, nail, massage
      or similar services in the Premises or common areas except as authorized
      by Landlord.

11.   If Tenant requires telegraphic, telephonic, telecommunications, data
      processing, burglar alarm or similar services, it shall first obtain, and
      comply with, Landlord's instructions in their installation. The cost of
      purchasing, installation and maintenance of such services shall be borne
      solely by Tenant.



                               Exhibit A - Page 1
<PAGE>   27

12.   Landlord will direct electricians as to where and how telephone, telegraph
      and electrical wires are to be introduced or installed. No boring or
      cutting for wires will be allowed without the prior written consent of
      Landlord. The location of burglar alarms, telephones, call boxes and other
      office equipment affixed to the Premises shall be subject to the prior
      written approval of Landlord.

13.   Tenant shall not install any radio or television antenna, satellite dish,
      loudspeaker or any other device on the exterior walls or the roof of the
      Building, without Landlord's consent. Tenant shall not interfere with
      radio or television broadcasting or reception from or in the Building, the
      Project or elsewhere.

14.   Tenant shall not mark, or drive nails, screws or drill into the
      partitions, woodwork or drywall or in any way deface the Premises or any
      part thereof. Tenant shall not lay linoleum, tile, carpet or any other
      floor covering so that the same shall be affixed to the floor of its
      Premises in any manner except as approved in writing by Landlord. The
      expense of repairing any damage resulting from a violation of this rule or
      the removal of any floor covering shall be borne by the tenant by whom, or
      by whose contractors, employees or invitees, the damage shall have been
      caused.

15.   Tenant shall not place a load upon any floor of its Premises which exceeds
      the load per square foot which such floor was designed to carry or which
      is allowed by law.

      Business machines and mechanical equipment belonging to Tenant which cause
      noise or vibration that may be transmitted to the structure of the
      Building or to any space therein to such a degree as to be objectionable
      to Landlord or to any tenants in the Building shall be placed and
      maintained by Tenant, at Tenant's expense, on vibration eliminators or
      other devices sufficient to eliminate noise or vibration. The persons
      employed to move such equipment in or out of the Building must be
      acceptable to Landlord.

16.   Each tenant shall store all its trash and garbage within the interior of
      the Premises or as otherwise directed by Landlord from time to time.
      Tenant shall not place in the trash boxes or receptacles any personal
      trash or any material that may not or cannot be disposed of in the
      ordinary and customary manner of removing and disposing of trash and
      garbage in the city, without violation of any law or ordinance governing
      such disposal.

17.   Canvassing, soliciting, distribution of handbills or any other written
      material and peddling in the Building and the Project are prohibited and
      each tenant shall cooperate to prevent the same. No tenant shall make
      room-to-room solicitation of business from other tenants in the Building
      or the Project, without the written consent of Landlord.

18.   Landlord shall have the right, exercisable without notice and without
      liability to any tenant, to change the name and address of the Building
      and the Project.

19.   Landlord reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Project any
      person who, in Landlord's judgment, is under the influence of alcohol or
      drugs or who commits any act in violation of any of these Rules and
      Regulations.

20.   Without the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant shall not use the
      name of the Building or the Project or any photograph or other likeness of
      the Building or the Project in connection with, or in promoting or
      advertising, Tenant's business except that Tenant may include the
      Building's or Project's name in Tenant's address.

21.   Tenant shall comply with all safety, fire protection and evacuation
      procedures and regulations established by Landlord or any governmental
      agency.

22.   Tenant assumes any and all responsibility for protecting its Premises from
      theft, robbery and pilferage, which includes keeping doors locked and
      other means of entry to the Premises closed.

23.   Landlord reserves the right to designate the use of the parking spaces on
      the Project. Tenant or Tenant's guests shall park between designated
      parking lines only, and shall not occupy two parking spaces with one car.
      No trucks, truck tractors, trailers or fifth wheel are allowed to be
      parked anywhere at any time within the Project other than in Tenant's own
      truck dock well. Vehicles in violation of the above shall be subject to
      tow-away, at vehicle owner's expense. Vehicles parked on the Project
      overnight without prior written consent of the Landlord shall be deemed
      abandoned and shall be subject to tow-away at vehicle owner's expense. No
      tenant of the Building shall park in visitor or reserved parking areas or
      loading areas. Any tenant found parking in such designated visitor or
      reserved parking areas or loading areas or unauthorized areas shall be
      subject to tow-away at vehicle owner's expense. The parking areas shall
      not be used to provide car wash, oil changes, detailing, automotive repair
      or other services unless otherwise approved or furnished by Landlord.
      Tenant will from time to time, upon the request of Landlord, supply
      Landlord with a list of license plate numbers of vehicles owned or
      operated by its employees or agents.

24.   No Tenant is allowed to unload, unpack, pack or in any way manipulate any
      products, materials or goods in the common areas of the Project including
      the parking and driveway areas of the Project. All products, goods and
      materials must be manipulated, handled, kept, and stored within the
      Tenant's Premises and not in any exterior areas, including, but not
      limited to, exterior dock platforms, against the exterior of the Building,
      parking areas and driveway areas of the Project. Tenant also agrees to
      keep the exterior of the Premises clean and free of nails, wood, pallets,
      packing materials, barrels and any other debris produced from their
      operation. All products, materials and goods are to enter and exit the
      Premises by being loaded or unloaded through dock high doors into trucks
      and or trailers, over dock high loading platforms into trucks and or
      trailers or loaded or unloaded into trucks and or trailers within the
      Premises through grade level door access.

25.   Tenant shall be responsible for the observance of all of the foregoing
      Rules and Regulations by Tenant's employees, agents, clients, customers,
      invitees and guests.

26.   These Rules and Regulations are in addition to, and shall not be construed
      to in any way modify, alter or amend, in whole or in part, the terms,
      covenants, agreements and conditions of any lease of any premises in the
      Project.

27.   Landlord may waive any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for the
      benefit of any particular tenant or tenants, but no such waiver by
      Landlord shall be construed as a waiver of such Rules and Regulations in
      favor of any other tenant or tenants, nor prevent Landlord from thereafter
      enforcing any such Rules and Regulations against any or all tenants of the
      Building.

28.   Landlord reserves the right to make such other and reasonable rules and
      regulations as in its judgment may from time to time be needed for safety
      and security, for care and cleanliness of the Building and the Project and
      for the preservation of good order



                               Exhibit A - Page 2
<PAGE>   28


      therein. Tenant agrees to abide by all such Rules and Regulations herein
      stated and any additional rules and regulations which are adopted.


























                               Exhibit A - Page 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.41
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>f64477ex10-41.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.41
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.41


                                COMMERCIAL LEASE

     THIS AGREEMENT of Lease is made as of the 28th day of February, 1999, by
and between 1225 Financial Boulevard, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Landlord")
and Computing Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Tenant").

                                  WITNESSETH:

     A.   PREMISES. In consideration of the rent hereinafter reserved and of the
covenants hereinafter contained, Landlord does hereby lease to Tenant, and
Tenant hereby leases from Landlord the land and approximately 7,327 square foot
building under construction located at 1225 Financial Blvd., Reno, Nevada,
Washoe County Assessor's Parcel No. 012-401-12, more particularly described on
Exhibit "A" hereto (hereinafter referred to as the Premises).

     B.   TERM. The term of this Lease shall commence on substantial completion
of construction and receipt of a certificate of occupancy (estimated to be on
or about the first day of June, 1999) and shall terminate at 12:00 o'clock,
midnight, on the last day of the calendar month that completes five (5) full
years of tenancy hereunder.

          If delivery of possession of the Premises shall be delayed beyond the
estimated date specified above for the commencement of the term of this Lease
through no fault of the Landlord, the latter shall not be liable to the Tenant
for any damage resulting from such delay and the Tenant's obligation to pay rent
shall be suspended and abated until possession of the Premises is delivered. In
the event of such a delay it is understood and agreed that the commencement of
the term of this Lease shall also be postponed until delivery of possession and
that the termination date of the term shall be correspondingly extended,
provided, however, that if possession is not delivered to Tenant on or before
October 1, 1999, Tenant may, at its option, elect to terminate this Lease.
Contemporaneously with the application for a certificate of occupancy Tenant
shall be notified of the application and shall have the right to conduct a
walk-through inspection of the building, but the term shall commence upon
receipt of the certificate of occupancy whether or not the inspection has
occurred.

     C.   RENT. In consideration of the leasing of the aforesaid Premises,
Tenant does hereby covenant and agree with Landlord to pay rental in the sum of
One Hundred Four Thousand Two Hundred Twelve and 80/100 Dollars ($104,212.80)
per annum in lawful currency of the United States of America. Said rental shall
be payable monthly in advance at the rate of Eight Thousand Six Hundred
Eighty-Four and 40/100 Dollars ($8,684.40) per month, commencing on the first
day of the first month of the term of this Lease. Said rental is based on $1.20
per square foot.

          The annual rental herein provided to be paid by Tenant to Landlord
shall be subject to increase in accordance with the provisions of this
paragraph. In computing said increase, it is agreed that, beginning one year
after the term of this Lease commences and each one year thereafter, the index
number hereinafter designated will be compared with its position as of the
first day of the month in which the term of the Lease commences. The
differences between the


                                       1
<PAGE>   2
index number for the month this Lease term commences and for the month in which
the next one-year period begins shall be converted to a percentage of the index
number for the month this lease term commences. Said percentage shall be the
percentage by which the annual rental initially reserved herein of One Hundred
Four Thousand Two Hundred Twelve and 80/100 Dollars ($104,212.80) shall be
increased and shall continue in such increased amount for each month of such
succeeding year thereafter until the next one-year index figure computation is
made as hereinabove provided. If the said computation would result in a
decrease in annual rental, then the annual rental for the succeeding year shall
be the same annual rental for the immediately past year.

          The index number to be used is the "Consumer's Price Index, U.S. City
Average, All Items (1982-84 = 100)," published by the U.S. Department of Labor,
Bureau of Labor Statistics. If the aforementioned index becomes unavailable,
the index to be used is the "Consumer's Price Index" issued by the U.S.
Department of Labor for San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose. If neither of the
foregoing indexes is issued, Landlord and Tenant shall agree upon a substitute
index to be employed in the computation of rent increases.

          It is agreed that the price index shall be the index as of the first
day of the month in which the term of this Lease commences, and, in the event
no figures are issued for such month for the index being used, then the first
figures of said index issued immediately after such date shall be considered
the base index number as though it had been issued on the first day of the
month in which the term of this Lease commences, provided, however, that the
rent herein required to be paid by Tenant to Landlord shall not be less than
One Hundred Four Thousand Two Hundred Twelve and 80/100 Dollars ($104,212.80)
per annum during the term of this Lease. Except as provided in paragraph X
hereof it is understood that the cost-of-living increase shall not be applied
to anything except the One Hundred Four Thousand Two Hundred Twelve and 80/100
Dollars ($104,212.80) annual rental reserved in this paragraph.

     D.   NET LEASE. It is the understanding and agreement of the parties
hereto that this is a clear "net" lease obligation, Tenant to bear all expenses
and make all payments consistent with the principle of the "net" Lease; and
Tenant hereby assumes and agrees to perform all duties and obligations with
relation to the Premises, the improvements thereon, and the appurtenances
thereto, as well as the use, operation, and maintenance thereof, including
being responsible for and making at Tenant's own expenses, all repairs to the
roof and structural portions of the improvements unless same is necessitated by
the negligence of Landlord, even though such duties and obligations would
otherwise be construed to be those of Landlord. Provided, however, that Tenant
shall not be required to pay any prior existing mortgages or any future
mortgages that are placed on the property by Landlord and provided further,
however, that for the first twelve (12) months of the lease term Tenant shall
not be responsible for the cost of any repairs to the improvements being
constructed upon the demised land required by failure of the building to comply
with all applicable laws and building codes, including the Americans with
Disabilities Act (the "ADA"), (any such failure being a "Construction Defect")
and it shall be Landlord's responsibility to repair all Construction Defects
during the said twelve (12) month period. In connection with this paragraph D,
Tenant shall have the same right as Landlord under all



                                       2
<PAGE>   3

guaranties and warranties of the building contractors and suppliers of
materials and equipment installed in the building by Landlord or building
contractor.

     E.   PAYMENT OF REAL ESTATE TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS. The parties hereto agree
that, as part of the consideration for the Lease and in addition to the rent
hereinbefore provided, Tenant shall, after the commencement of the term of this
Lease, and during the remainder of the term of this Lease and any renewal or
extension thereof, pay to the public officers charged with the collection
thereof, promptly as the same become due, all taxes, levies, licenses, excises,
franchises, imposts, penalties, and charges, general and special, ordinary and
extraordinary, of whatever name, nature, and kind, which are not or may
hereafter be levied, assessed, charged, or imposed, which are or may become a
lien (whether federal, state, city, county, or other public authority) upon this
Lease, the above-described Premises, the use or occupancy thereof, the buildings
and improvements now or hereafter situated thereon, or upon the occupants in
respect thereof. It is agreed that the above taxes shall not be in any way
construed to include any federal or state income taxes assessed against either
Landlord or Tenant.

          In the event Tenant should fail to pay the taxes or assessments
herein required to be paid by Tenant, prior to the date when a delinquent rate
would be imposed, then Landlord may, at its option, pay such taxes to the
public officers charged with the collection thereof, and the amount or amounts
of money so paid by Landlord, together with interest on all such amounts at the
rate of 2 percent per annum over the then existing prime rate charged by the
Bank of America, shall be repaid by Tenant to Landlord upon demand, and the
payment thereof may be collected or enforced by Landlord in the same manner as
though said amounts were an installment of rent specifically required by the
terms of this Lease to be paid by Tenant to Landlord within ten (10) days
after the date when Landlord demands repayment thereof; the election of
Landlord to pay such taxes shall not waive the default thus committed by Tenant.

          In the event that the financing institution where Landlord has
financing on the Premises shall require Landlord to prepay the real estate
taxes in monthly installments of one-twelfth of the annual real estate taxes,
then Landlord may elect to require the payment of the real estate taxes by
Tenant to be made in monthly installments of one-twelfth of the annual real
estate taxes, and Tenant agrees that it will make to Landlord monthly payments
of such real estate taxes in an amount equal to one-twelfth of said taxes
concurrently with the payment of rent.

          Even though this paragraph E. obligates Tenant to pay the costs of
special tax assessments assessed against the Premises, the parties hereto
agree that in the event of the installation by any legal taxing authority of
any improvements that shall not be for the specific benefit and use of Tenant
(including, but not limited to, sidewalks and storm and sanitary drains), and
said improvements may reasonably be expected to survive this Lease, then Tenant
shall only be required to pay a pro rata share of such assessments based upon
the useful life of the improvement and the balance of the term hereunder.

          If Tenant shall, in good faith, desire to contest the validity of
such taxes, or other charges covered by this paragraph E., it shall have
the right to do so, provided: (1) Tenant shall


                                       3
<PAGE>   4
promptly notify Landlord of its intention to institute such legal proceedings as
are appropriate, which proceedings shall be promptly instituted in good faith
and with due diligence; (2) such proceedings shall suspend the collection of
such taxes or other charges from Landlord, Tenant, and the Premises; (3) neither
the Premises nor any part thereof nor interest therein shall be in danger of
being sold, forfeited, terminated, cancelled, or lost; and (4) Tenant shall, if
taxes become delinquent thereby, deposit with Landlord or the appropriate
governmental authority such security for payment of the contested tax charge
with interest and penalties as Landlord or the governmental authority shall
reasonably require. Upon the conclusion of such contest of the validity of taxes
by Tenant, Landlord shall return to Tenant the sum hereinabove required to be
deposited by Tenant with Landlord during the period of such contest by Tenant,
provided, however, that Tenant shall, prior to being entitled to a return of
such monies, exhibit evidence of the payment of such contested taxes.

     F.   OTHER TAXES. Tenant agrees that during the term of this Lease or any
extension or renewal thereof, it will pay to the public officers charged with
the collection thereof any use tax or sales tax that might be imposed by any
governmental body against either Landlord or Tenant by reason of the occupancy
of the Premises and payment of rental therefor by Tenant; and Tenant further
covenants and agrees to pay such taxes prior to the same becoming delinquent
and, promptly following receipt of a request therefor from Landlord, to furnish
to Landlord evidence of such payment. In the event Tenant should fail to pay
such use or sales taxes, then Landlord, at it sole option, may pay said tax or
taxes, and the amount so paid by Landlord shall be added to and become
additional rental to be paid by Tenant to Landlord. Tenant shall have the option
of paying any such use or sales tax directly to the governmental body assessing
the same or to Landlord. In the event the same are paid to Landlord, it shall be
Landlord's obligation to pay the same to such governmental body.

     G.   INSURANCE. At its cost, Tenant agrees to obtain, concurrent with the
taking of occupancy of the Premises, and to maintain at all times during the
term of this Lease, with insurance companies qualified to do business in the
State of Nevada and having a general policyholder's rating of A+ and a financial
rating of AAAAA as established by A.M. Best Company, fire and extended coverage
insurance upon the Premises in the amount equal to the replacement cost of the
improvements thereon, excluding, however, cost of foundation, underground pipes,
wiring, and outside paving. Such policy or policies of insurance shall have
endorsed thereon "Inflation Guard Endorsement" to cover cost-of-living increases
so that the insurance coverage herein required shall be automatically increased
as the cost of living increases. In lieu of such "Inflation Guard Endorsement,"
Tenant shall automatically increase the amount of coverage annually to cover the
replacement cost of the improvements (less the cost of foundation, underground
pipes, wiring, and outside paving), as the cost of living increases. Such policy
or policies of insurance shall be so drawn and shall contain such provisions as
will protect both Landlord and Tenant as their respective interests appear. All
policies of insurance or certificates thereof as provided for in this paragraph
G and in paragraphs H. and I. below shall be delivered to Landlord and shall be
renewed from time to time by Tenant so that at all times the insurance
protection herein provided shall continuously exist, and evidence of each
renewal shall be submitted to Landlord at least 15 days prior to the expiration
date of each policy. Tenant may


                                       4

<PAGE>   5
maintain the insurance coverage through Tenant's blanket policy or policies and
in such event, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord certificates of insurance and
Tenant shall retain the original policies thereof.

      In the event of the destruction of the improvements located on the
demised land so as to render the Premises or a portion thereof untenantable by
Tenant, it shall be the obligation of Landlord, as hereinafter provided for, to
promptly and diligently repair or rebuild the building and improvements as well
as possible to their original condition, and the proceeds collected from the
insurance policy or policies herein described shall be made available to
Landlord for the purposes of effecting such repair or restoration, and the
parties hereto agree that such insurance proceeds shall be first applied to the
cost of any repairs and restoration before using any portion thereof for any
other purposes.

      In the event that there shall remain any portion of the proceeds of such
insurance policy or policies after the repair and reconstruction of any
building or improvements to a condition equal to the former condition thereof,
and provided no condition of default exists on the part of Tenant herein under
the terms of this Lease beyond any applicable cure period, then any such excess
shall be paid to Tenant herein. Tenant shall be entitled to all insurance
proceeds representing the value of the leasehold improvements being paid for by
Tenant (together with all replacements thereof and additions thereto).

      Tenant covenants and agrees with Landlord that Tenant will pay the
premiums for all of the insurance policies that Tenant is obligated to carry
under the terms of this Lease. If obtainable, such policy or policies of
insurance shall provide that the same may not be cancelled without the giving
of at least 15 days notice to Landlord of intent to cancel.

      Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, the parties hereto agree
that the provisions of this paragraph G. shall be subject to the requirements
of any institutional first mortgagee now or at any time hereafter holding a
first mortgage upon the Premises, including without limitation thereto the
types and amounts of coverage (so long as they are consistent with insurance
requirements for similar buildings in the Reno-Sparks, Nevada area), the named
insureds, the insurers, and the right of the mortgagee to apply any insurance
proceeds on account of the debt as provided in the next paragraph.

      The right of a mortgagee to require payment of insurance proceeds on
account of a mortgage debt shall extend only to an institutional first
mortgagee, and in the event that insurance proceeds are taken by such a
mortgagee, if the Premises are to be reconstructed in accordance with paragraph
U. hereof, Landlord shall immediately obtain refinancing or otherwise shall
immediately pay to an escrow agent approved by both Landlord and Tenant the
amount taken by such mortgagee, and the escrow agent shall hold and disburse
the funds for the reconstruction and repair of the Premises.

      II.   RENT INSURANCE. In order to insure the payment of rent during the
period during which the Premises shall be untenantable by reason of damage by
fire, wind or other casualty,


                                       5

<PAGE>   6

Tenant agrees to secure "rent insurance" covering a period not less than twelve
(12) months so that the rent will be paid to Landlord during such period that
such building is untenantable, and such "rent insurance" shall provide for 60
percent of the annual rent payable by Tenant to Landlord provided for herein.

      I.    PUBLIC LIABILITY INSURANCE. Tenant covenants and agrees with
Landlord that during the entire term of this Lease, Tenant will indemnify and
save harmless Landlord, its officers, agents and employees against any and all
claims, debts, demands, or obligations that may be made against Landlord, its
officers, agents or employees or against Landlord's title in the Premises
arising by reason of any negligent acts or omissions of Tenant, its officers,
agents, or employees in occupying the Premises, but Tenant shall not be
obligated to indemnify Landlord for damages or injuries arising from any
negligent acts or omissions of Landlord, its officers, agents, or employees.
Landlord shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Tenant, its officers,
agents and employees with respect to negligent acts or omissions of Landlord,
its officers, agents and employees. If it becomes necessary for Landlord to
defend any action seeking to impose any such liability by virtue of alleged
negligent acts or omissions of Tenant, its officers, agents or employees,
Tenant will pay Landlord all costs of court and reasonable attorney and expert
witness fees incurred by Landlord in such defense, in addition to any other
sums that said Landlord may be called upon to pay by reason of the entry of a
judgment or decree against Landlord in the litigation in which such claim is
asserted. To this end, Tenant further contracts and agrees to procure and carry
at its own expense insurance for bodily injury and property damage including
personal injury not less than One Million Dollars and No/100 ($1,000,000) per
occurrence and Two Million and No/100 Dollars ($2,000,000) aggregate, and an
umbrella/excess liability policy of not less than Five Million and No/100
Dollars ($5,000,000). Tenant shall cause said insurance policy or policies to
specifically name Landlord as an additional insured and furnish Landlord with
a certificate of said policy or policies. Tenant shall not do or permit any act
or thing that shall render such policy invalid or that shall affect the
validity thereof. If Tenant fails or neglects to carry such insurance as herein
provided and to pay all insurance premiums therefor, or if said policy of
insurance shall be cancelled for any cause whatsoever and Tenant does not
promptly obtain other insurance prior to or simultaneously with such
cancellation, Landlord may effect such insurance in its own name to the extent
herein provided and pay the premium therefor, and any sums paid by Landlord for
said premiums shall be deemed additional rent hereby reserved and shall be
payable by Tenant within ten (10) days after demand therefor from Landlord,
together with interest at the rate of 10 percent per annum.

      Landlord and Tenant each waive any claim against the other for any damage
to property covered by insurance. Each party agrees to obtain a waiver of
subrogation from its insurance carrier permitting this waiver.

      J.    UTILITY CHARGES. Tenant agrees and covenants to pay all utility
charges, including, but not limited to, water, gas, electricity, sewage, and
removal of waste materials used on or arising from use of the Premises and to
pay the same monthly or as they shall become due. Landlord hereby represents
and warrants that, at the time of commencement of this Lease, sufficient water,
electricity, telephone, sewage facilities, and garbage removal will be
available


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
to Tenant for Tenant's intended use of the Premises.

        K.      AIR-CONDITIONING AND HEATING. For the first twelve (12) months
of the term of this Lease Landlord shall maintain the air-conditioning,
heating equipment, cooling systems, and mechanical equipment installed in the
building. Thereafter, Tenant shall assume full and complete responsibility for
their operation, maintenance, repair, and replacement and Landlord shall not be
liable to Tenant for the failure or discontinuance of the air-conditioning,
heating, and cooling systems. At no time shall Landlord be responsible for the
provision of any utility service to the Premises. At the end of the first year
of the term of this Lease Landlord shall assign to Tenant any and all remaining
warranties obtained by Landlord regarding such air-conditioning and heating
systems.

        L.      FIXTURES AND PERSONAL PROPERTY. It is agreed between the
parties hereto that Tenant may make non-structural alterations or install any
trade fixtures, equipment, and other personal property on the Premises of a
temporary or permanent nature, and Landlord agrees that Tenant shall have the
right at any time, provided Tenant is not in default of any of the terms of
this Lease, to remove any and all such alterations, trade fixtures, equipment,
and other personal property that it may have stored or installed in the
Premises; provided further, however, that in such event Tenant shall restore
the Premises substantially to the same condition, except for ordinary wear and
tear, in which they were at the time Tenant took possession. Tenant shall not
be obligated to restore the Premises substantially to the same condition in
which they were at the time Tenant took possession in the event of changes and
alterations made upon the written approval of Landlord or in the event the
Premises are surrendered because of default on the part of Landlord.

                The provisions hereof shall not be construed to prevent Tenant
from financing or refinancing the purchase of equipment or machinery, and
Landlord shall execute such reasonable documents in favor of any financial
institution holding security thereon, subordinating rights of Landlord thereof;
nor shall there be a lien on any work in process of Tenant.

        M.      TENANT FORBIDDEN TO ENCUMBER LANDLORD'S INTEREST. It is
expressly agreed and understood between the parties hereto that nothing in this
Lease shall ever be construed as empowering Tenant to encumber or cause to be
encumbered the title or interest of Landlord in the Premises in any manner
whatsoever. In the event that, regardless of this prohibition, any person
furnishing or claiming to have furnished labor or materials at the request of
Tenant or of any person claiming by, through, or under Tenant shall file a lien
against Landlord's interest therein, Tenant, within 30 days after being
notified thereof, shall cause said lien to be satisfied of record or the
Premises released therefrom by the posting of a bond or other security as
prescribed by law, or shall cause same to be discharged as a lien against
Landlord's interest in the Premises by an order of a court having jurisdiction
to discharge such lien.

        N.      LAWFUL USE OF PREMISES. Tenant further covenants and agrees
that said demised land and all buildings and improvements thereon during the
term of this Lease shall be used only and exclusively for lawful purposes; and
that said Tenant shall not knowingly use or suffer anyone to use said Premises
for any purpose in violation of the laws of the United States, the State of


                                       7

<PAGE>   8
Nevada, the County of Washoe, City of Reno, or any other governmental unit
wherein the Premises may be located.

        O.      COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS OF PUBLIC BODIES. Tenant covenants
and agrees that it will, at its own cost, make such improvements on the
Premises and perform such acts and do such things as may be lawfully required
by any public body having jurisdiction over said property in order to comply
with such sanitary, zoning, setback, and other similar requirements designed to
protect the public, applicable only to the manner of Tenant's particular use
and occupancy of the Premises which is distinct from normal office usage.
Tenant also agrees to comply with all deed restrictions.

                The undertakings in this paragraph O. are conditioned upon
Landlord delivering the Premises to Tenant with the improvements constructed
thereon complying with all building codes, ADA requirements, zoning ordinances,
setback requirements, sanitary requirements, and other similar requirements in
effect at the time of the commencement of the term of this Lease, and Tenant
shall not be required to make any structural changes to meet such requirements
as they from time to time may exist.

        P.      SIGNS. During the term of this Lease, Tenant may install such
signs on the Premises as may be reasonable, provided, however, that such signs
shall be first approved by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. Such signs may be attached to said building in such manner
as may be necessary, provided that upon the termination of this Lease or any
renewal or extension thereof, the same shall be removed by Tenant and that such
part of the property at which said sign may have been attached shall be
restored, at the expense of Tenant, to the same condition as prior to the
placing of said sign.

        Q.      ATTORNEYS' FEES. In the event of a dispute because of which
either party to this Lease employees counsel to pursue or protect any of the
rights afforded that party by the terms hereof, or the terms of any related
agreement, or to defend against the claims of the other party hereto, in or out
of court, in bankruptcy or arbitration proceedings or otherwise, the
non-prevailing party agrees to pay the reasonable attorneys' fees, expert
witness' fees and costs incurred by the prevailing party in such dispute.

        R.      LANDLORD'S RIGHT TO INSPECT PREMISES. Tenant agrees and
covenants that Landlord or its agents, for the purpose of examining or
inspecting the condition of the Premises, shall have access to the said
Premises upon the giving of 3 days' notice by Landlord to Tenant of Landlord's
intent to examine or inspect the Premises. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Landlord, in the event of any emergency such as, but not limited to, a fire,
flood, or severe windstorm, shall have free access to said Premises for the
purposes of examining or inspecting damage done to the Premises.

                Landlord shall have the right to show the Premises during the
90 days prior to termination to prospective tenants, at reasonable times
during normal business hours upon reasonable advance notice to Tenant. Landlord
further reserves the right to show the Premises


                                       8
<PAGE>   9
to prospective purchasers upon reasonable advance notice to Tenant. Except in
the event of an emergency, Landlord shall not have entrance to the Premises
without the accompaniment of an employee of Tenant.

          In the event of any entry by Landlord under this paragraph R,
Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any disruption
to the operation of Tenant's business in the Premises.

     S.   ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLETTING. Tenant may, with the consent of Landlord,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed more than twenty
(20) days after written notice of Tenant's request for consent, assign this
Lease or sublet in whole or in part the Premises provided that Tenant herein
shall continue to remain liable and responsible for the payment of rental due
hereunder. For the purpose of this clause, a merger or consolidation of Tenant
with another corporation or an assignment or sublease to an affiliate or a
wholly owned subsidiary of Tenant, shall not constitute an assignment or
sublease requiring the consent of Landlord provided that the merged
corporation, affiliate or subsidiary agrees in writing to be bound by the terms
of this Lease. Landlord shall have the right to sell, transfer or assign the
leased Premises without consent of Tenant, and Tenant agrees to attorn to
landlord's purchaser, transferee or assignee. Such sale, transfer or assignment
by Landlord shall relieve Landlord of its obligations hereunder if the
purchaser, transferee or assignee assumes in writing Landlord's obligations
hereunder.

     T.   REPAIRS. Tenant, after the commencement of the term of this Lease,
shall, at its own expense, maintain the Premises in as good condition and
repair as the Premises were upon the commencement of this term, except for (1)
reasonable wear and use during the term of this Lease, or any extension
thereof, (2) structural repairs (3) repairs required to be made by Landlord
pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs D and K of this Lease, (4) repairs
made necessary by reason of fire or other casualty, or by the negligent acts or
omissions by Landlord or is agents or (5) as otherwise specifically provided
for in this Lease.

     U.   DESTRUCTION OR DAMAGE BY FIRE OR OTHER HAZARDS. The parties hereto
agree that if the improvements erected or to be erected upon the Premises are
partially or totally destroyed or damaged by fire or other hazard then Landlord
shall promptly provide Tenant with an estimated time frame for completion of
the restoration and promptly repair and restore such improvements as soon as it
is reasonably practical to restore them so that they are restored substantially
to the prior existing condition, subject to such changes as Tenant may
reasonably require, and provided, however, that such changes will not increase
the cost of restoration unless Tenant agrees to pay for such increased cost.
Due allowance, however, shall be made for reasonable time necessary for
Landlord to adjust the loss with the insurance companies insuring the Premises
at the time of the happening of the fire or the casualty, but in no event shall
such adjustment result in Landlord not being obligated to make such
restoration, and in any event the restoration must commence within 45 days
after the happening of such fire or other casualty, and the completion thereof
must be pursued diligently after such fire, casualty, or disaster with
reasonable allowance made for delay occasioned by strike, lockouts, or
conditions beyond the control of Landlord, but in any event, said restoration
must be completed on or before one year after the happening of such fire


                                       9
<PAGE>   10

or other casualty. If such restoration is not completed within said one-year
period, then Tenant, at its option, may cancel this Lease with abatement of
rent as of the date of the loss, provided, however, that Landlord shall be
entitled to retain the proceeds of any rent insurance as provided for in
paragraph H. hereof. However, failure of the insurance company to authorize
such restoration work will be considered a reasonable delay.

          In the event that there is total destruction of the Premises and
Landlord's estimate of the time required for restoration exceed one (1) year or
Landlord fails to completely restore and rebuild the same within one (1) year
after such fire, casualty, or other disaster, then, in either event Tenant may,
at its option, elect to terminate and cancel this Lease, in which event this
Lease shall be terminated upon written notice by Tenant to Landlord and neither
party shall thereafter have any further obligation with respect to the other.

          Should the Premises or any portion thereof be rendered untenantable
by reason of the damage or destruction thereto caused by fire, casualty, or
disaster during the term of this Lease as provided for in this paragraph, rent
shall be abated in proportion to the areas of the Premises rendered
untenantable from the date of the happening of the fire or other casualty or
disaster up to the date of restoration of the Premises, except any rent that
may be received from rent insurance procured pursuant to this Lease. However,
no rent shall accrue for any portion of the Premises unless Tenant is able to
conduct its usual business on that portion of the Premises that remains
tenantable. If, after the date of the happening of the fire or other casualty
or disaster, Tenant shall have paid any rents for a period beyond such date,
Tenant shall be entitled to a proportionate refund.

          In the event of a complete or total destruction of the improvements
or destruction to such an extent that the Premises are rendered untenantable by
Tenant, Landlord shall not be required to restore or rebuild the improvements
in the event there are less than three years remaining of the term of this
Lease, unless the parties hereto agree to extend the term of this Lease for not
less than three years from the date of completion by Landlord of such
restoration.

          In the event that the Lease is cancelled as provided for in this
paragraph U., Tenant shall be entitled to all insurance proceeds representing
the value of leasehold improvements paid for or agreed to be paid for by Tenant
together with all replacements thereof and additions thereto, and all proceeds
representing the value of property of Tenant that is damaged or destroyed,
provided that Landlord first receives the proceeds covering the replacement
value of Landlord's building from all undesignated proceeds.

     V.   DEFAULT BY TENANT. Each of the following shall be deemed a default by
Tenant and a breach of this Lease:

          1.   The filing of a petition by or against Tenant for adjudication
as a bankrupt under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, as now or hereafter amended or
supplemented, or for reorganization under Chapter 11 of said Bankruptcy Code,
or the filing of any petition by or against Tenant under any further bankruptcy
act for the same or similar relief. Also constituting


                                       10
<PAGE>   11

default is the dissolution or the commencement of any action or proceeding for
the dissolution or liquidation of Tenant, whether instituted by or against
Tenant or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee of the property of
Tenant.

     2.   The taking possession of the Premises or property of Tenant upon the
Premises by any governmental officer or agency pursuant to statutory authority
for the dissolution, rehabilitation, reorganization, or liquidation of Tenant.

     3.   The making by Tenant of any "assignment for the benefit of creditors."

If any event of default described in subparagraph (1), (2) or (3) above shall
be involuntary on the part of Tenant, there shall be no default within the
meaning of this Lease, if such event is dismissed or vacated by Tenant within
60 days from the occurrence of such event; otherwise such event shall
constitute a default hereunder.

     4.   A failure to pay the rent herein reserved, or additional rent, or any
part thereof, for a period of 5 days after receipt of written notice.

     5.   Failure in the performance of any other covenant or condition of this
Lease on the part of Tenant to be performed, for a period of 30 days after
receipt of written notice.

          a.   For the purposes of subparagraph (5) of this paragraph V., no
failure on the part of Tenant in the performance of work required to be
performed or acts to be done or conditions to be modified shall be deemed to
exist if steps shall have, in good faith, been commenced promptly by Tenant to
rectify the same and shall be prosecuted to completion with diligence and
continuity. If the matter in question shall involve building construction and
if Tenant shall be subject to unavoidable delay, either by reason of
governmental regulations restricting the availability of labor or materials, or
by strikes or other labor troubles, or by reason of conditions beyond the
control of Tenant, Tenant's time to perform under said subparagraph (5) of this
paragraph V. shall be extended for a period commensurate with such delay.

          b.   In the event of any such default of Tenant, Landlord may serve a
written notice upon Tenant that Landlord elects to terminate this Lease upon a
specified date not less than 30 days after the date of the serving of such
notice, except that in the case of a default under subparagraph (4) above for
nonpayment of rent such date shall not be less than 5 days after the notice
given under said subparagraph (4), and if the default remains uncured or the
period is not extended as herein provided, this Lease shall then expire on the
date so specified as if that date had been originally fixed as the expiration
date of the term herein granted.

          c.   In the event this Lease shall be terminated as hereinbefore
provided, or by summary proceedings or otherwise, or in the event the Premises
or any part thereof shall be abandoned by Tenant, Landlord, or its agents,
servants, or representatives may immediately or at any time thereafter, reenter
and resume possession of said Premises or such part thereof, and remove all
persons and property therefrom, either by summary dispossession proceedings or
by


                                       11
<PAGE>   12
a suitable action or proceeding at law, without being liable for any damages
therefor. Moving out of the Premises or leaving the Premises vacant shall not
be deemed an abandonment of the Premises, provided that Tenant continues to pay
the rent as and when due. Reentry by Landlord shall not be deemed an acceptance
of a surrender of this Lease.

          In the event that this lease is terminated by summary proceedings, or
otherwise as provided herein, or if the Premises shall have been abandoned and
whether or not the Premises shall be relet, the entire amount of rent that
would be paid to the expiration date of this Lease shall become due and
payable. In the event of such termination or abandonment, Landlord shall be
obligated to use its best efforts to mitigate any damages it may have against
Tenant. In the event the Premises are relet by Landlord, Landlord shall be
entitled to recover from Tenant, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in addition
to any other damages becoming due hereunder, an amount equal to the amount of
all rents and additional rent reserved under this Lease, less the net rent, if
any, collected by Landlord on reletting the Premises, which shall be due and
payable by Tenant to Landlord on the several days on which the rent and
additional rent reserved in this Lease would have become due and payable; that
is to say, upon each of such days Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount of
deficiency then existing. Such net rent collected on reletting by Landlord
shall be computed by deducting from the gross rents collected all reasonable
expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with the reletting of the Premises
or any part thereof, including broker's commissions and the cost of repairing,
renovating, or remodeling said Premises; however, the expenses to be deducted
in computing the net rent collected on reletting shall not include the cost of
performing any covenant contained herein required to be performed by Tenant.

          The obligation of Landlord to use its best efforts to mitigate any
damages it may have against Tenant shall not preclude the right of Landlord to
obtain by judicial process a judgment for the entire amount of rent that would
be paid to the expiration date of this Lease, if said Lease is terminated by
summary proceedings or otherwise as provided herein. In the event Landlord
obtains a judgment in such manner, Landlord shall be obligated to use its best
efforts to mitigate any damages it may have recovered in accordance with the
provisions of this paragraph.

     W.   SUBORDINATION. This Lease, its terms, condition, and all leasehold
interests and rights hereunder, are expressly made, given, and granted subject
and subordinate to the lien of any bona fide first mortgage that Landlord may
secure from any bank, life insurance company, savings and loan association, or
other recognized lending institution; and Tenant agrees to execute any
instrument or instruments required by the mortgagee to subordinate the terms of
this Lease to any such first mortgage that may be placed upon the Premises by
Landlord; provided, however, that:

          1.   Said Mortgagee enters into a nondisturbance agreement with
Tenant obligating any party acquiring title or right of possession under or by
virtue of such mortgage to be bound by this Lease and by all of Tenant's rights
hereunder, provided that Tenant is not then is continued default after notice
in the payment of rent or otherwise under the terms of this Lease as it may
hereafter be modified from time to time.

          2.   Tenant is not required to become responsible or liable for the
payment of


                                       12
<PAGE>   13
any sum or sums secured by such first mortgage, and further provided that such
first mortgage contains provisions, or that the mortgagee will agree by
separate instrument, to notify Tenant of any default on the part of Landlord in
payment or default under any other terms and conditions of the mortgage. Should
Tenant elect to exercise its right to make payment to a mortgagee in order to
cure a default on the part of Landlord-Mortgagor, Tenant may deduct any sums so
paid to cure such a default from the next ensuing payment or payments or rental
as is in this Lease provided.

            3.    Tenant agrees to notify mortgagee of any default on the part
of Landlord under any of the terms and conditions of this Lease concurrently
with the delivery of any notice of default to Landlord, said notice being only
for the purpose of informing mortgagee of Landlord's default. Said notice shall
not be construed as placing any obligations on mortgagor beyond those
obligations specified in the mortgage between mortgagee and Landlord hereunder.
Tenant's obligation to notify a mortgagee shall only extend to those mortgagees
for whom Tenant has received from Landlord a copy of the mortgage and notice of
mortgagee's address.

            4.    Notwithstanding anything at law or in this Lease to the
contrary, the nondisturbance provision as provided for in subparagraph (1)
hereof shall not apply to a construction loan lender prior to such time as
Tenant occupies the Premises, and Tenant agrees to execute a separate
subordination agreement in favor of a construction loan lender, which agreement
will provide that the nondisturbance provision will not affect said
construction loan lender until such time as Tenant occupies the Premises.

      X.    OPTION TO RENEW. Provided Tenant is not in default under the terms
of this Lease at the time of the exercise of the herein contained option and at
the commencement of any option period, Landlord grant to Tenant the option to
renew this Lease for three additional terms of five years each under the same
terms and conditions as contained herein, except that the base rent for the
first year of each of the option periods shall be set at the then fair market
rental value of the premises, to be determined by mutual agreement of Landlord
and Tenant, or in the absence of such agreement before three months before
expiration of the then current lease term, by appraisal utilizing one appraiser
selected by each of the parties and a third appraiser selected by the first two
the average of the closest two appraisals shall be the base rental rate for the
first year of each option period and the base rent for each subsequent year of
each option period shall be determined by reference to increases in the CPI
index as is set forth in paragraph C. hereof.

            In the event Tenant should elect to exercise its option to renew,
Tenant shall deliver to Landlord notice of its intent to renew this Lease, such
notice to be delivered in writing to Landlord at least six months prior to the
expiration of this Lease or any renewal thereof.

      Y.    CONDEMNATION. It is further understood and agreed that if, at any
time during the continuance of this Lease, the legal title to the demised land
or the improvements located thereon or any portion thereof be taken,
appropriated, or condemned by reason of eminent domain, there shall be such
division of the proceeds of award in such condemnation proceedings and such
abatement of rent and other adjustments made as shall be just and equitable
under the


                                       13
<PAGE>   14
circumstances. If Landlord and Tenant are unable to agree upon what division,
abatement of rent, or other adjustments are just and equitable within 60 days
after such award shall have been made, then the matters in dispute shall be
submitted to arbitration in accordance with the then-existing commercial
arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, and this Lease shall
be specifically enforceable under the prevailing arbitration law, and judgment
upon the award rendered may be entered in the court of the State of Nevada
having jurisdiction.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, any proceeds of
award in such condemnation proceedings shall be paid in favor of the party for
whom said award is specifically granted. That is to say, that in the event
Tenant is not specifically awarded proceeds from said proceedings, Tenant shall
not receive any such proceeds.

     If this Lease is terminated in any manner herein provided in this
paragraph Y., rent for the last month of Tenant's occupancy shall be prorated,
and Landlord agrees to refund to Tenant any rents paid in advance.

     If the legal title to the entire Premises is wholly taken by condemnation
proceedings, this Lease shall be automatically cancelled. If legal title to a
portion of the Premises is taken and Tenant reasonably and in good faith
determines that such taking renders the remainder of the Premises unfit for its
intended use, Tenant, at its sole option, may elect to terminate this Lease. In
the event the parties cannot agree upon what partial taking renders the
remainder of the Premises unfit for its intended use, then the matter shall be
submitted to arbitration in the manner provided above. In general, it is the
intent of this paragraph Y. that upon condemnation the parties hereto shall
share in the award to the extent that their respective interests are destroyed,
damaged, or depreciated by the exercise of the right of eminent domain.

     Z.   NOTICES. All notices required by the law and this Lease to be given
by one party to the other shall be in writing, and the same shall be served by
delivery in person by overnight courier service or by certified mail, return
receipt requested, in postage prepaid envelopes addressed to the following
addresses or such other addresses as may be by one party to the other
designated in writing:

     AS TO LANDLORD:  Ranson W. Webster, President
                      1225 Financial Boulevard, Inc.
                      c/o Computing Resources, Inc.
                      1285 Financial Boulevard
                      Reno, Nevada 89502

     AS TO TENANT:    Harry D. Hart, President
                      Computing Resources, Inc.
                      1285 Financial Boulevard
                      Reno, Nevada 89502

Either party may change its address for notices and/or add additional
recipients by notice to the

                                       14


<PAGE>   15
other party hereunder.

     AA.  QUIET ENJOYMENT. So long as Tenant observes the terms of this Lease,
Tenant shall have peaceful and quiet enjoyment of the Premises.

     BB.  MISCELLANEOUS The covenants and agreements contained herein shall
bind and the benefits and advantages shall inure to the respective heirs,
executors, administrators, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto.

          Whenever used, the singular number shall include the plural, and the
plural number shall include the singular; the use of any gender shall be
applicable to all genders.

          All covenants, agreements, and undertakings shall be joint and
several.

          The parties agree that either may record a Memorandum of this Lease
in the Official Records of Clark County, State of Nevada, and that this Lease
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Nevada.

          No modifications or changes shall be made to this Lease unless the
same are made in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement is
sought.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this agreement has been executed as of the day and
year first above written.



                                        LANDLORD:



                                        By: [Signature Illegible]
                                           -------------------------------------

                                        Its: President
                                            ------------------------------------


                                        TENANT:



                                        By: [Signature Illegible]
                                           -------------------------------------

                                        Its: Chairman & C.E.O.
                                            ------------------------------------



                                       15

<PAGE>   16
                                  DESCRIPTION

All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land situate in the County of Washoe,
State of Nevada, described as follows:

     Parcel 4 as shown on 3rd Parcel Map for JOHN A. DERMODY, INC., Parcel Map
     No. 1362, filed in the office of the Recorder of Washoe County, Nevada, on
     August 13, 1982 as File No. 809789.

     EXCEPTING THEREFROM all that certain parcel of land being more
     particularly described as follows:

     Commencing at the Southwesterly corner of Parcel 4 of Parcel Map No. 1362;
     said point being the True Point of Beginning; Thence S 64 degrees 49'04"
     E., 199.00' along the Southerly line of said Parcel 4; Thence N. 25 degrees
     10'56" E., 200.00' to a point on the Southerly right of way of Equity
     Avenue, Thence N. 64 degrees 49'04" W., 176.50' along said Southerly right
     of way to a point of curvature; Thence 48.45' along the arc of a curve to
     the left, having a central angle of 92 degrees 32'14" and a radius of
     30.00' to a point on the Easterly right of way of Corporate Boulevard;
     Thence S. 22 degrees 38'42" W., 168.84' along said right of way returning
     to the True Point of Beginning.

     AND FURTHER EXCEPTING THEREFROM all that certain parcel of land being more
     particularly described as follows:

     Commencing at the Southwesterly corner of Parcel 4 of Parcel Map No. 1362;
     Thence S. 64 degrees 49'04" E., 199.00' along the Southerly line of said
     Parcel 4 to the True Point of Beginning; Thence continuing along said South
     line, S. 64 degrees 49'04" E., 447.50' to a point; Thence N. 25 degrees
     10'56" E., 200.00' to a point on the Southerly right of way of Equity
     Avenue; Thence N. 64 degrees 49'04" W., 447.50' along the said right of way
     to a point; Thence S. 25 degrees 10'56" W., 200.00' returning to the True
     Point of Beginning.

                                   EXHIBIT A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.01
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>f64477ex21-01.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.01
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                  EXHIBIT 21.01

                        LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ENTITY                                                    STATE/COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION
- ------                                                    ------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>
DOMESTIC

Boston Light Software Corp.                               Massachusetts
Computing Resources, Inc.                                 Nevada
Greenco Subsidiary Corporation                            Delaware
Intuit Insurance Services, Inc.                           Virginia
Intuit Lender Services, Inc.                              Delaware
Intuit Ventures Inc.                                      Delaware
Lacerte Educational Services, Inc.                        Delaware
Lacerte Software Corporation                              Delaware
Quicken Investment Services, Inc.                         Delaware
Quicken Loans Inc.                                        Michigan
SecureTax.com, Inc.                                       Delaware
Title Source, Inc.                                        Michigan
Venture Finance Software Corp.                            Delaware

INTERNATIONAL

Hutchison Avenue Software, an Intuit Company              Canada
Intuit Canada Limited                                     Canada
Intuit K.K.                                               Japan
Intuit Limited                                            United Kingdom
Intuit NS II ULC                                          Canada
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.01
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>f64477ex23-01.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.01
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 23.01



               CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
listed in the following table pertaining to the named plans of Intuit Inc., of
our report dated August 22, 2000, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements and schedule of Intuit Inc., included in the Annual Report (Form
10-K) for the year ended July 31, 2000.

<TABLE>
FORM S-8 NO.                           PLAN

<S>            <C>
  33-59458     1988 Option Plan; 1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Non-Plan Officer
                    Options
  33-73222     1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Chipsoft Plan
  33-95040     1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Personal News Options
 333-06889     Options Granted By Interactive Insurance Services Corp. Under Its
                    Management Equity Plan Assumed By The Issuer
 333-16827     1993 Equity Incentive Plan
 333-16829     1996 Directors Stock Option Plan; 1996 Employee Stock Purchase
                    Plan
 333-20361     Options To Purchase Common Stock
 333-45285     Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Plan
 333-45277     Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors' Stock Plan
 333-45287     Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan
 333-68851     Intuit Inc. 1998 Option Plan For Mergers And Acquisitions
 333-71099     Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan
 333-71101     Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan
 333-71103     Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 333-78041     Intuit Inc. 1998 Option Plan For Mergers And Acquisitions
 333-84385     Options Granted Under The Boston Light Software Corp. 1999
                    Amended And Restated Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan And
                    Assumed By Intuit Inc.
 333-85349     Options Granted Under The Hutchison Avenue Software
                    Corporation Stock Option Plan Dated June 29, 1999 And
                    Assumed By Intuit Inc.
 333-92503     Options Granted Under The Rock Financial Corporation
                    Amended And Restated 1996 Stock Option Plan Assumed
                    By Intuit Inc.
 333-92513     Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 333-92515     Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan
 333-92517     Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan
</TABLE>

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Form S-3 Nos. 333-50417 and 333-63739 and Form S-4 No. 333-71097) of Intuit
Inc. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated August 22, 2000, with
respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Intuit Inc. in
this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended July 31, 2000.

                                    /s/  Ernst & Young LLP

Palo Alto, California
October 13, 2000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.02
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>f64477ex23-02.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.02
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

                    CONSENT OF KPMG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



The Board of Directors
Intuit Inc.:


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
listed in the following table pertaining to the named plans of Intuit Inc. of
our report dated January 28, 1999, relating to the statements of income,
stockholders' equity, and cash flows of Rock Financial Corporation for the year
ended December 31, 1998, which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an
explanatory paragraph relating to the change in method of accounting for
software developed for internal use, which report appears in the July 31, 2000,
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Intuit Inc.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  FORM S-8 NO.                             PLAN
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>
    33-59458       1988 Option Plan; 1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Non-Plan
                   Officer Options

    33-73222       1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Chipsoft Plan

    33-95040       1993 Equity Incentive Plan; Personal News Options

    333-06889      Options Granted By Interactive Insurance Services Corp. Under
                   Its Management Equity Plan Assumed By The Issuer

    333-16827      1993 Equity Incentive Plan

    333-16829      1996 Directors Stock Option Plan; 1996 Employee Stock
                   Purchase Plan

    333-20361      Options To Purchase Common Stock

    333-45285      Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Plan

    333-45277      Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors' Stock Plan

    333-45287      Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan

    333-68851      Intuit Inc. 1998 Option Plan For Mergers And Acquisitions

    333-71099      Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan

    333-71101      Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan

    333-71103      Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    333-78041      Intuit Inc. 1998 Option Plan For Mergers And Acquisitions

    333-84385      Options Granted Under The Boston Light Software Corp. 1999
                   Amended And Restated Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan And
                   Assumed By Intuit Inc.

    333-85349      Options Granted Under The Hutchison Avenue Software
                   Corporation Stock Option Plan Dated June 29, 1999 And Assumed
                   By Intuit Inc.

    333-92503      Options Granted Under The Rock Financial Corporation Amended
                   And Restated 1996 Stock Option Plan Assumed By Intuit Inc.

    333-92513      Intuit Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    333-92515      Intuit Inc. 1996 Directors Stock Option Plan

    333-92517      Intuit Inc. 1993 Equity Incentive Plan
</TABLE>



<PAGE>   2




We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Form S-3 Nos. 333-50417 and 333-63739 and Form S-4 No. 333-71097) of Intuit
Inc. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated January 28, 1999,
relating to the statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows of
Rock Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1998, which expresses
an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the
change in method of accounting for software developed for internal use, which
report appears in the July 31, 2000, Annual Report on Form 10-K of Intuit Inc.



                                    KMPG LLP



Detroit, Michigan
October 12, 2000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.01
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>f64477ex27-01.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27.01
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUL-31-2000
<PERIOD-START>                             AUG-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                               JUL-31-2000
<CASH>                                         416,953
<SECURITIES>                                 1,276,098
<RECEIVABLES>                                   76,438
<ALLOWANCES>                                   (9,018)
<INVENTORY>                                      1,935
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             2,128,794
<PP&E>                                         310,208
<DEPRECIATION>                               (142,501)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,878,902
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          806,837
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                         2,043
<OTHER-SE>                                   2,069,246
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,878,902
<SALES>                                      1,093,825
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,093,825
<CGS>                                          282,385
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  291,183
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               819,505
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              48,443
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                512,710
<INCOME-TAX>                                 (207,184)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            305,661
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   305,661
<EPS-BASIC>                                       1.52
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.45


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
