-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TZB0wIhZsj4Fg2xeFnUAZ3SUp+ofbHaegxgPJIq8481RLlibGCfa6Y9+FxbSGE7X
 elVDqC1/K7aMsBkZ1gcoTA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001012870-99-000609.txt : 19990223
<SEC-HEADER>0001012870-99-000609.hdr.sgml : 19990223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012870-99-000609
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19990222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERISIGN INC/CA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001014473
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				943221585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23593
		FILM NUMBER:		99547155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 SHOREBIRD WAY
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6509617500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 SHOREBIRD WAY
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405 FOR PERIOD ENDING 12/31/1998
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
 
                               ----------------
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
(Mark One)
 
[X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998
 
                                       OR
 
[_]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
       FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                 TO
 
                       COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-23593
 
                                 VERISIGN, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>
                  DELAWARE                 94-3221585
       (State or other jurisdiction of  (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)  Identification No.)
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
     <S>                                                        <C>
               1390 SHOREBIRD WAY, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA            94043-1338
             (Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip Code)
</TABLE>
 
       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (650) 961-7500
 
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
 
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [_]
 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. [X]
 
  The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of January 31, 1999 was approximately $7,795,000,000.
 
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of
January 31, 1999 was 24,850,356.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
  Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in
connection with the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May
27, 1999 are incorporated by reference into Part II.
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
 
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Page
                                                                                                 ----
                                     PART I
 
<S>       <C>                                                                                    <C>
Item 1.   Business..............................................................................   3
Item 2.   Properties............................................................................  16
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.....................................................................  16
Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders...................................  16
Item 4A.  Executive Officers of the Registrant..................................................  16
 
                                    PART II
 
Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related Shareholder Matters..................  18
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data...............................................................  19
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  20
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk............................  33
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplemental Data............................................  34
Item 9.   Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure..  35
 
                                    PART III
 
Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant....................................  36
Item 11.  Executive Compensation................................................................  36
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management........................  36
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions........................................  36
 
                                    PART IV
 
Item 14.Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K........................   37
Signatures.....................................................................................   40
Summary of Trademarks..........................................................................   41
Financial Statements...........................................................................   42
Exhibits.......................................................................................   64
</TABLE>
 
                                       2
<PAGE>
 
Forward-Looking Statements
 
  Except for historical information, this Report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things,
statements regarding our anticipated costs and expenses, revenue mix and plans
for addressing Year 2000 issues. Such forward-looking statements include, among
others, those statements including the words "expects," "anticipates,"
"intends," "believes" and similar language. Our actual results may differ
significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited
to, those discussed in the section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Factors That May Affect Future
Results of Operations." You should carefully review the risks described in
other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we will file in
1999. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the
forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this document.
 
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
  VeriSign is the leading provider of Internet-based trust services needed by
websites, enterprises and individuals to conduct trusted and secure electronic
commerce and communications over the Internet, intranets and extranets, which
we refer to as IP networks. We have established strategic relationships with
industry leaders, including AT&T, BT, Cisco, Microsoft, Netscape, Network
Associates, RSA, Security Dynamics and VISA, to enable widespread utilization
of our digital certificate services and to assure their interoperability with a
wide variety of applications and network equipment. We have used our secure
online infrastructure to issue over 100,000 of our website digital certificates
and over 3.5 million of our digital certificates for individuals. We believe
that we have issued more digital certificates than any other company in the
world. Our Website Digital Certificate services are used by over 400 of the
Fortune 500 companies and all of the top 25 electronic commerce websites as
listed by Jupiter Communications. We also offer the VeriSign OnSite service,
which allows an organization to leverage our trusted service infrastructure to
develop and deploy customized digital certificate services for use by its
employees, customers and business partners. Over 300 enterprises have
subscribed to the OnSite service since its introduction in November 1997,
including Bank of America, Hewlett-Packard, the Internal Revenue Service,
Kodak, Sumitomo Bank, Texas Instruments and USWest. We market our
Internet-based trust services worldwide through multiple distribution channels,
including the Internet, direct sales, telesales, VARs, systems integrators and
our affiliates.
 
VeriSign's Trust Services
 
  VeriSign's Internet-based trust services are built upon its proprietary
WorldTrust software platform, scalable operations infrastructure and
comprehensive security and trust practices. Our secure data centers, designed
to provide carrier-class reliability with advanced security procedures, allow
the issuance and management of millions of digital certificates. Furthermore,
because we have worked with industry leaders to embed our digital certificate
interface technology into a wide range of software applications and network
equipment, such as Netscape and Microsoft browsers and servers and Cisco
routers, our services are interoperable with a wide range of IP-based
applications. By providing a trusted platform for commerce and communications,
we are able to offer services to customers with a wide range of needs. Our
service offerings are targeted towards three primary areas: Website Digital
Certificate services, Enterprise Digital Certificate services and VeriSign
Affiliate Certificate services.
 
                                       3
<PAGE>
 
 Website Digital Certificate Services
 
  VeriSign's family of Website Digital Certificate services allows
organizations to implement and operate secure websites that utilize the SSL
protocol to establish their identity to customers and other websites during
electronic commerce transactions and communications over the Internet. Prior to
issuing a digital certificate for a website's server, we establish the
authenticity of the website through a series of background checks, including
corroborating an organization's authority to do business under a given name and
their authority to operate a server with a specific domain name or URL. These
practices protect organizations against another entity impersonating their
identity and allow online visitors and customers to conduct private
transactions and communications. Without a digital certificate installed on the
website server the SSL protocol cannot be utilized.
 
  Our Website Digital Certificate services are utilized by a broad range of
merchant, financial and government websites as well as for intranet
applications. We currently offer several distinct versions of our Website
Digital Certificate services, each differentiated by the target application of
the server that hosts the digital certificate.
 
  . Secure Server digital certificates constitute the core service offering
    and enable websites to implement basic SSL security features between
    their sites and individual end-user browsers.
 
  . Global Server digital certificates allow U.S. corporations and certain
    global financial services enterprises to offer stronger 128-bit encrypted
    SSL sessions between their websites and specially configured end-user
    browsers from Netscape and Microsoft.
 
  . Financial Server digital certificates are used by financial institutions
    for authentication of their websites and to enable the secure exchange of
    data between these organizations and home banking, brokerage or insurance
    customers.
 
  . EDI Server digital certificates are designed for organizations or
    individuals who participate in large online trading networks, support a
    variety of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) standards and potentially
    require each transaction to be digitally signed to ensure non-
    repudiation.
 
  . Content Signing digital certificates enable content providers, publishers
    and vendors to digitally sign their content or Internet subscription
    "channels" in order to ensure authenticity and integrity of the content
    delivered to end-users.
 
  Our Website Digital Certificate services are offered on an annual
subscription basis for prices between $250 and $1,200 per server per year,
depending on the version of digital certificate requested and the overall
volume of website digital certificates used by the customer. Customers can
subscribe to the Website Digital Certificate services through the VeriSign
website, through selected international service providers or through VeriSign's
Enterprise Digital Certificate services.
 
 Enterprise Digital Certificate Services
 
  VeriSign's Enterprise Digital Certificate services, sold predominantly under
the VeriSign OnSite brand, are tailored to meet the specific needs of
corporations, financial institutions, government agencies and other
organizations that wish to issue digital certificates to employees, customers,
citizens or trading partners. Our OnSite service is designed to support a wide
range of digital certificate needs for both small and large user communities.
OnSite can be used by customers to provide digital certificates for a variety
of applications, including: controlling access to sensitive data and account
information, enabling digitally-signed e-mail, creating an online electronic
trading community, managing supply chain interaction or facilitating and
protecting online credit card transactions. The OnSite service is designed to
offer customers ease of use at a low initial investment combined with broad
flexibility and scalability. OnSite services vary based on the nature and
complexity of the application and the degree of control customers desire to
maintain.
 
  To expand and complement OnSite, VeriSign's professional services group
employs experts in digital certificate architecture and application
integration. Our professional services group provides a variety of design,
 
                                       4
<PAGE>
 
development and implementation services. These services include integration
with existing applications and databases, consulting on policies and procedures
related to the management and deployment of digital certificates, training
classes on the latest developments in security technology and the selection of
enabled software and hardware to complement a digital certificate solution.
 
  The OnSite service is offered as an annual subscription service with pricing
dependent upon the number of users to be supported, the complexity of the
applications and the number of additional services provided. Pricing typically
ranges from $10,000 to $500,000 per year. Customers can subscribe to the OnSite
service through the VeriSign website, the direct sales force, selected
international service providers or system integrators.
 
 VeriSign Affiliate Certificate Services
 
  VeriSign Affiliate Certificate Services are targeted at a wide variety of
organizations that provide large-scale electronic commerce and communications
services over IP networks. Examples include telecommunications companies,
Internet Service Providers, or ISPs, financial and other professional services
firms and businesses that operate Internet-based "communities of interest,"
such as a web portal. These companies typically desire to offer digital
certificate services to their customers under either the VeriSign brand or a
co-branding relationship. In many cases, these digital certificate services are
integrated with other value-added services offered by the organization. For
example, an ISP may offer website digital certificates in conjunction with its
website hosting services for small and medium size businesses, while a
community of interest operator may offer digital certificates to each member of
the community in order to support user authentication and secure messaging
services. VeriSign designates these types of organizations "VeriSign
Affiliates" and provides them with a combination of technology, support and
marketing services to facilitate their initial deployment and on-going delivery
of digital certificate services.
 
  VeriSign Affiliate Certificate Services are delivered through either the
VeriSign Service Center or VeriSign Processing Center offerings. Both offerings
are based on the WorldTrust software platform and enable a licensed VeriSign
Affiliate to offer one or more types of digital certificate services.
 
    VeriSign Service Center. The VeriSign Service Center provides a VeriSign
  Affiliate with all of the capabilities needed to perform subscriber
  enrollment and authentication, digital certificate issuance, directory
  hosting, customer support, billing integration and report generation from
  within their facilities while leveraging VeriSign's secure data centers for
  back-end processing.
 
    VeriSign Processing Center. The VeriSign Processing Center provides a
  VeriSign Affiliate with all of the capabilities of the Service Center plus
  the WorldTrust modules required to perform all certificate processing
  functions from within their own secure data center.
 
  VeriSign also provides each VeriSign Affiliate with the appropriate business
readiness services to facilitate the efficient and timely roll-out of their
digital certificate offerings. These readiness services may include Service or
Processing Center installation and integration services, facility and network
design consulting, technical and customer support documentation and training,
sales and marketing support, operating practice templates and local market
customization.
 
  VeriSign Affiliates that agree to conform to certain standards are also
offered membership in the global VeriSign Trust Network, an international
network of digital certificate service providers that operate with common
technology, infrastructure and practices to enable digital certificate
interoperability on a worldwide basis. Current VeriSign Trust Network members
include BT in the U.K., CertPlus in France, Acer HiTrust in Taiwan, VeriSign
Japan in Japan and the South African Certification Authority (SACA) in South
Africa. VeriSign has also recently entered into a similar agreement with an
organization in Germany.
 
  VeriSign Affiliates typically enter into a technology licensing and revenue
sharing agreement with VeriSign whereby VeriSign receives up-front licensing
fees for the Service Center or Processing Center
 
                                       5
<PAGE>
 
technology, as well as ongoing royalties for each digital certificate issued by
the VeriSign Affiliate. Initial licensing fees typically range from $250,000 to
$2 million, and royalties can range from 20% to 50% of the net revenue received
by the VeriSign Affiliate for each digital certificate.
 
Customers and Markets
 
  VeriSign has a broad customer base from a variety of industry groups that
require trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications over IP
networks. Following is a representative list of customers that have purchased
VeriSign's services:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Financial Services       Telecommunications      Manufacturing/Transportation
- --------------------  -------------------------- -------------------------------
<S>                   <C>                        <C>
American Skandia
 Insurance            AT&T                       CSX
Barclay's Bank        BellSouth                  Eastman Kodak
Bank of America       British Telecommunications Ford Motor Company
Deutsche Bank         Japan Communication        Gillette
First Union Bank      MCI--Worldcom              Miller Brewing Company
First USA Paymentech  NTT Communications         United Parcel Service
Merrill Lynch         US West
Morgan Stanley Dean
 Witter                                                    Government
                                                 -------------------------------
Royal Bank of Canada          Technology         Department of Agriculture
                      --------------------------
Sumitomo Bank         EDS                        Department of Justice
TransUnion            Hewlett-Packard            Federal Bureau of Investigation
VISA                  Intuit                     Internal Revenue Service
                      Netscape                   National Security Agency
                      NEC                        Patent & Trademark Office
                      NTT Data                   Social Security Administration
                      Texas Instruments          U.S. Army
                                                 Veteran's Administration
</TABLE>
 
  VISA accounted for approximately 10% of our revenues in 1997 and 21% of our
revenues in 1996. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our revenues
during 1998, 1997 or 1996.
 
  The following examples illustrate how certain organizations use our Internet-
based trust services to enable trusted and secure electronic commerce and
communications. These customers have purchased VeriSign OnSite, integration
modules and professional services from VeriSign and are able to issue digital
certificates to their clients, customers or employees to communicate and
conduct transactions over IP networks.
 
  Banking. A large U.S.-based bank provides a variety of services for
consumers, corporations and governments. The bank is utilizing IP networks and
digital certificates to provide its services to existing customers as well as
reaching new customers where physical branch locations do not exist. These
services include cash management and treasury applications for its corporate
clients, consumer-based home banking services for its customers and secure e-
mail for its employees over the Internet. We believe that providing such
services securely over IP networks will allow the bank to generate additional
revenue, reduce operating costs and improve customer service.
 
  Global Automobile Manufacturer. A global automobile manufacturer intends to
use IP networks and digital certificates for a variety of applications
including: automating its requisition systems to eliminate paperwork; providing
single sign-on capabilities to employees for all its disparate computer
systems; participation in the Automotive Network Exchange enabling electronic
transactions with global automotive parts suppliers; and connecting its retail
dealer network to a centralized information system providing order information
and inventory status.
 
                                       6
<PAGE>
 
  Global Semiconductor Manufacturer.  A global semiconductor manufacturer
intends to use IP networks and digital certificates for a variety of
applications including: enabling customers to check order status; providing
customers and design consultants secure remote access to its proprietary design
tools for the design of application specific integrated circuits; the
integration of its logistics management software with a web-based interface
enabling centralized monitoring of its global manufacturing operations; and the
implementation of secure e-mail for all of that company's global employees.
 
Technology
 
  VeriSign employs a modular set of software applications and toolkits, which
collectively make up its proprietary WorldTrust platform, as the core platform
for all of its Internet-based trust services. The modular design of the
WorldTrust platform enables our trust services to be distributed over one or
many co-located or dispersed computer systems, allowing certain functions of
the certification process, such as registration, authentication, issuance,
revocation, renewal or replacement, to be deployed at customer or affiliate
locations while maintaining a secure and reliable link to one of our secure
data centers for back-end processing. These modules can also be replicated in
order to handle increased volumes of digital certificates. Digital certificate
service modules incorporated in the WorldTrust platform include:
 
  Subscriber Services Module. Our subscriber services module supports requests
for digital certificate issuance, revocation, renewal and replacement. Software
toolkits are provided to permit rapid customization and integration of digital
certificate services with a customer's business-specific web-based solutions.
 
  Authentication Services Module. Our authentication services module supports
manual, automated and delegated authentication of subscribers by designated
sources prior to digital certificate issuance. We provide software toolkits and
programming interfaces to allow for integration with various process models and
database systems.
 
  Administration and Support Modules. Our administration and support modules
provide lifecycle services such as digital certificate revocation, renewal and
reissuance, as well as a customer support knowledge base to facilitate general
reporting of CA activity, and web-based and e-mail-based support for customers
and end users.
 
  Directory Services Module. Our directory services module utilizes database
applications typically hosted at one of our secure data centers to support the
storage of and access to digital certificates and associated information for a
particular customer. VeriSign OnSite customers and our affiliates can also
download updated copies of their directory information to their systems.
 
  Service Control Module. Our service control module is hosted at one of our
secure data centers and acts as a gatekeeper, decoding and routing all digital
certificate service requests based on customer type, application type, security
protocol, authentication policies, certificate content and billing rules. This
module utilizes a proprietary, data-driven programming model to define each
service and dispatch the appropriate control and error commands to other
modules.
 
  Digital Certificate Processing Module. Our digital certificate processing
module is hosted at one of our secure data centers and creates digital
certificates with digital signatures on each certificate, delivers digital
certificates to subscribers and stores a copy of each digital certificate for
archive, audit and directory purposes.
 
Infrastructure
 
  VeriSign believes that its highly reliable and scalable operations
infrastructure represents a strategic advantage in providing Internet-based
trust services. Our secure data centers are located in Mountain View,
California and Kawasaki, Japan. Our international affiliates also operate
secure data centers in their geographic areas. These centers operate on a 24
hour, 7 days per week basis and support all aspects of our Internet-based
 
                                       7
<PAGE>
 
trust services. VeriSign guarantees that a customer's services are operational
on a 24 hour, 7 days per week basis, except for scheduled downtime. By
leveraging our WorldTrust platform, we can distribute certain functionality of
our secure data centers in optimum configurations based on customer
requirements for availability and capacity. Key features of our infrastructure
include:
 
  Distributed Servers. We deploy a large number of high-speed servers to
support capacity and availability demands. We can add additional servers to
support increases in digital certificate volumes, new services introductions,
new customers and higher levels of redundancy without service interruptions or
response time degradation. The WorldTrust platform provides automatic fail-
over, load balancing and threshold monitoring on critical servers.
 
  Advanced Telecommunications. We deploy and maintain redundant
telecommunications and routing hardware and maintain high-speed connections to
multiple ISPs and throughout our internal network to ensure that our mission
critical services are readily accessible to customers at all times.
 
  Network Security. We incorporate advanced architectural concepts such as
protected domains, restricted nodes and distributed access control in our
system architecture. We have also developed proprietary communications
protocols within and between the WorldTrust platform modules that we believe
can prevent most known forms of electronic attacks. In addition, we employ the
latest network security technologies including firewalls and intrusion
detection software, and contract with security consultants who perform periodic
attacks and security risk assessments. We will continue to evaluate and deploy
new technological defenses as they become available. See "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--
Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operations--System interruptions and
security breaches could harm our business."
 
  Call Center and Help Desk. We provide a wide range of customer support
services through a phone-based call center, e-mail help desk and web-based
self-help system. Our call center is staffed from 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST and
employs an automated call director system. The web-based support services are
available on a 24 hour, 7 days per week basis, utilizing customized auto
response systems to provide self-help recommendations and a staff of trained
customer support agents.
 
  Disaster Recovery Plans. Although we believe our operations facilities are
highly resistant to systems failure and sabotage, we have developed a disaster
recovery and contingency operation plan. We also have an agreement with
Comdisco Corporation to provide replication of customer data, facilities and
systems at another site so that all of our services can be re-instated within
24 hours of a failure. In addition, all of our digital certificate services are
linked to advanced storage systems that provide data protection through
techniques such as mirroring and replication. See "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Factors That May
Affect Future Results of Operations--System interruptions and security breaches
could harm our business."
 
  International Affiliates. VeriSign's international affiliates are required to
build, implement and maintain their infrastructure according to VeriSign's
requirements. VeriSign currently has affiliates located in France (CertPlus),
Japan (VeriSign Japan), South Africa (SACA), Taiwan (Acer HiTrust) and the
United Kingdom (BT). We have also recently entered into agreements with
affiliates in Germany and the Netherlands.
 
Security and Trust Practices
 
  VeriSign believes that its perceived level of trustworthiness will continue
to be a significant determining factor in the acceptance of its Internet-based
trust services. We believe that our reputation as a trusted party is based, to
a large extent, on both the security of our physical infrastructure and the
special practices used in our operations, which include our secure data centers
incorporating state-of-the-art physical and network security. We believe we
have established a leadership role in defining and adhering to industry-
endorsed trust practices
 
                                       8
<PAGE>
 
and policies, a role we believe enhances our perceived trustworthiness as a
provider of Internet-based trust services. Over the past three years, we have
invested, and continue to invest, capital and human resources in the following
key areas:
 
  Employees. We use stringent hiring and personnel management practices for all
operations and certain engineering personnel as well as all executive
management. We utilize a licensed private investigation firm to conduct
background checks into potential employees' criminal and financial histories
and conduct periodic investigations of such personnel on an ongoing basis.
 
  Security Monitoring Systems. We have sophisticated access control and
monitoring systems that help prevent unauthorized access to secure areas and
provide 24 hour, 7 days per week monitoring and logging of activities within
our facilities. These systems include electronic key and biometric access
control devices, video monitoring and recording devices, deployment and
automatic arming of motion detectors, glass breakage detectors and remote alarm
system monitoring.
 
  Site Construction. Our secure data centers have been built using construction
techniques modeled after U.S. Army specifications for facilities accredited to
handle classified information and contain a robust set of physical and
environmental defenses. These defenses include double layer, slab-to-slab wall
design, self-closing and locking metal doors at all secure entrances, man
traps, tamper proof enclosures for cryptographic materials and fire prevention
systems.
 
  Back-up Power Systems. We have invested in back-up power systems that
automatically activate in the event of a failure in our primary power sources.
These include uninterruptible power supply systems and a diesel generator and
fuel supply. To ensure reliability, these systems are tested on a periodic
basis.
 
  Audits. Our Practices and External Affairs Department periodically performs,
and retains accredited third parties to perform, audits of our operational
procedures under both internally-developed procedures and externally-recognized
standards.
 
  Practices. Our Practices and External Affairs Department is responsible for
the development of VeriSign's practices for issuing and managing digital
certificates. These practices are set forth in our Certification Practice
Statement, which we provide in order to assure potential customers and
strategic partners as to the trustworthiness of our Internet-based trust
services. The Practices and External Affairs Department is also responsible for
our accountability and security controls and regularly monitors all aspects of
our secure data centers.
 
  Policy Making Activities. The Practices and External Affairs Department also
takes a leading role in a variety of organizations that are defining standards
for trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications over IP networks.
For example, we actively participate in the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law, which created the United Nations Model Law on
Electronic Commerce, the American Bar Association's Information Security
Committee, Section of Science and Technology, which has drafted digital
signature guidelines, the International Chamber of Commerce ETERM Working
Party, which is chaired by VeriSign's Vice President of Practices and External
Affairs, and the U.S. State Department Advisory Committee on Electronic
Commerce.
 
Strategic Relationships
 
  VeriSign has established strategic relationships with leading companies
across a number of industry segments. We currently maintain strategic
relationships with AT&T, BT, Cisco, Microsoft, Netscape, Network Associates,
Security Dynamics and VISA.
 
  AT&T. We have an agreement with AT&T in which AT&T offers our digital
certificates in conjunction with AT&T's Internet services. AT&T acts as a CA
and issues digital certificates on a co-branded basis.
 
                                       9
<PAGE>
 
  British Telecommunications. BT is a member of our international affiliate
program. BT issues digital certificates and provides a range of services for
secure Internet access and electronic commerce on a co-branded basis. With our
support, BT has established CA infrastructure in the U.K., including the
creation of a secure data center that adheres to our site construction
specifications. We have agreed to collaborate to develop legal practices and
policies to maintain compliance with U.K. and European-based regulations and
standards as they emerge.
 
  Cisco. Our technology is incorporated in Cisco's Internetwork Operating
System through the use of the jointly developed Certificate Request Syntax
(CRS) protocol, which enables digital certificate functionality in a variety of
Cisco's networking products. As a result, IP networks utilizing Cisco network
devices such as routers and firewalls support applications that rely on
VeriSign digital certificates for authentication and network management. We
also engage in a variety of joint marketing efforts with Cisco. Cisco is one of
our stockholders.
 
  Microsoft. We work with Microsoft to develop, promote and distribute a
variety of client-based and server-based digital certificate services and we
have been designated as the preferred provider of digital certificates for
Microsoft customers. Our technology has been embedded in Microsoft's Internet
Explorer since version 2.0, allowing users to uniquely identify themselves to
web servers and securely access information over the Internet. In addition,
users can easily obtain their own digital certificate for use with Explorer by
registering on our website for our digital certificates. We also provide Secure
Server digital certificates for Microsoft's Internet Information Server
product. VeriSign's services can be used in conjunction with Microsoft Outlook
98 to enable the delivery of secure email in extranet applications. In
addition, in September 1998, VeriSign and Microsoft announced plans for
enhanced integration of our digital certificate services with Microsoft
Exchange Server 5.5. The new capability offers a secure email extranet
"gateway" service which will allow Exchange Server customers to issue and
manage digital certificates within the global VeriSign Trust Network. VeriSign
and Microsoft also jointly promote a set of technologies and security policies
for the secure authentication and distribution of software over the Internet
and engage in other joint marketing activities. Microsoft is one of our
stockholders.
 
  Netscape. We work with Netscape on a variety of technology projects and joint
marketing activities. Our technology has been embedded in Netscape's Navigator
since version 1.1 and in Netscape's Communicator since version 4.0. We also
have an agreement with Netscape that provides that Netscape feature us as a
premier provider of digital certificates on the Netscape website and also
provides for VeriSign to have a first right of participation for any new
Netscape products incorporating digital certificate technology. Users of
Netscape browsers can easily enroll for standard VeriSign digital certificates
using Netscape products. Netscape's SuiteSpot product, including versions with
128-bit encryption capabilities, can also utilize our Secure Server and Global
Server digital certificates. We also support Netscape's object-signing
technology, enabling software developers to digitally sign Java and JavaScript
objects in order to authenticate the developer's identity and assure end users
that the downloaded objects have not been tampered with or modified.
 
  Network Associates. We have a strategic relationship with Network Associates
with the goal of enabling cross product support and promotion of each company's
digital certificate-based enterprise security solutions. Network Associates'
Net Tools Secure products will be able to communicate securely with each other
using our Internet-based trust services and will be enabled to automatically
administer the essential functions of running a digital certificate
infrastructure. Our digital certificate services will be used with Network
Associates' applications to allow customers to deploy and manage a security
solution in which their firewalls, security vulnerability scanners, encryption
applications and virtual private network products are integrated to more
effectively prevent security breaches. Customers utilizing this joint product
integration will be able to use our services to manage digital certificates for
Network Associates' Net Tools Secure product suite, thereby allowing enterprise
customers to establish themselves as a CA. We also engage in a variety of joint
marketing efforts with Network Associates. We currently have no written
agreement with Network Associates.
 
  Security Dynamics. We have an agreement with Security Dynamics under which
Security Dynamics will incorporate custom digital certificate technology
developed by VeriSign into Security Dynamics' future
 
                                       10
<PAGE>
 
products. Security Dynamics has also agreed to be a reseller of certain
VeriSign OEM technology. We believe Security Dynamics is a market leader in
enterprise security and that, by including our technology in Security Dynamics'
products, we will have a broader potential market for our digital certificate
services. Security Dynamics, through a controlled entity, holds more than 5% of
our common stock.
 
  VISA. We have an agreement with VISA under which we provide SET digital
certificate services to VISA on behalf of its member banks, enabling them to
offer branded SET-compliant digital certificates to their cardholders and
merchants. VISA is a stockholder of VeriSign.
 
Marketing, Sales and Distribution
 
 Marketing
 
  VeriSign utilizes a variety of marketing programs to increase brand
awareness. In addition to joint marketing arrangements, we also engage in a
variety of direct marketing programs focused on owners of web servers, home and
business PC users and enterprise professionals in mid-sized and large
organizations. We address these customers through outbound e-mail,
telemarketing and printed mail campaigns to stimulate product trial, purchase
and usage. We also use banner ads that link to our website and participate in
industry-specific events, trade shows, executive seminars, industry association
activities and various national and international standards bodies. We have 36
employees engaged in marketing activities.
 
 Sales and Distribution
 
  VeriSign markets its Internet-based trust services worldwide through multiple
distribution channels. These sales and service groups are based in our
headquarters in Mountain View, California, and in several field offices in the
United States. We also market our Internet-based trust services through other
distribution channels, including telesales, VARs, systems integrators and our
affiliates.
 
  Outside the United States, VeriSign markets its Internet-based trust services
directly over the Internet and through reseller and affiliate relationships--
the global VeriSign Trust Network. Except for VeriSign Japan, the members of
the global VeriSign Trust Network sell and support VeriSign Internet-based
trust services both within their local countries and certain other foreign
countries where we do not operate through a direct sales subsidiary. In Japan,
we market our Internet-based trust services through VeriSign Japan, which
maintains a secure data center in Kawasaki, Japan, and employed 28 persons as
of December 31, 1998. Revenues from VeriSign Japan and other international
customers were 4% in 1996, 9% in 1997 and 14% in 1998.
 
  Internet Sales. VeriSign distributes many of its Internet-based trust
services through its website. We believe that Internet distribution is
particularly well-suited for sales of certain of our website authentication
products and Internet-based trust services. We also use our website to assist
in disseminating services information and in generating services trials.
 
  Direct Sales. VeriSign's direct sales force targets mid-sized and large
corporations, financial institutions, commercial Web sites and federal and
state government agencies. We believe that these organizations have a
substantial installed base of PCs, web servers, IP networks and high-speed
access to the Internet and are most likely to be able to benefit quickly from
the use of digital certificates. The direct sales force also targets
international organizations that we believe are the most suitable to act as
VeriSign affiliates. As of December 31, 1998, we had 60 direct sales and sales
support employees in the United States, while the international direct sales
and sales support groups consisted of 10 employees.
 
  Telesales. During 1998 we commenced our own internal telemarketing operation
that is responsible for customer prospecting, lead generation and lead follow-
up. This marketing activity qualifies leads for further follow up by the direct
sales force or inside sales team or leads the prospect to our website so that
the prospect can access information and enroll for our Internet-based trust
services.
 
                                       11
<PAGE>
 
  VARs and Systems Integrators. VeriSign works with VARs and systems
integrators to package and sell its Internet-based trust services. We also have
a VeriSign Business Partner Program that allows ISPs to offer Secure Server
digital certificates as an integral part of their secure web hosting services.
 
Research and Development
 
  We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability
to continue to maintain and enhance our current technologies and Internet-based
trust services. To this end, we leverage the modular nature of our WorldTrust
platform to enable us to develop enhancements rapidly and to deliver
complementary new Internet-based trust services. In the past, we have developed
Internet-based trust services both independently and through efforts with
leading application developers and major customers. We have also, in certain
circumstances, acquired or licensed technology from third parties, including
public key cryptography technology from RSA. Although we will continue to work
closely with developers and major customers in our development efforts, we
expect that most of our future enhancements to existing services and new
Internet-based trust services will be developed internally.
 
  As of December 31, 1998, VeriSign had 65 employees dedicated to research and
development. We also employ independent contractors for documentation,
usability, artistic design and editorial review. Research and development
expenses were $8.4 million in 1998, $5.3 million in 1997 and $2.1 million in
1996. To date, all development costs have been expensed as incurred. We believe
that timely development of new and enhanced Internet-based trust services and
technology are necessary to remain competitive in the marketplace. Accordingly,
VeriSign intends to continue recruiting and hiring experienced research and
development personnel and to make other investments in research and
development.
 
  The market for digital certificate products and related services is an
emerging market characterized by rapid technological developments, frequent new
product introductions and evolving industry standards. The emerging nature of
this market and its rapid evolution will require that we continually improve
the performance, features and reliability of our Internet-based trust services,
particularly in response to competitive offerings and that we introduce new
Internet-based trust services or enhancements to existing Internet-based trust
services as quickly as possible and prior to our competitors. The success of
new introductions is dependent on several factors, including proper new
definition, timely completion and introduction of new services, differentiation
of new services from those of our competitors and market acceptance of our new
Internet-based trust services. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in developing and marketing new Internet-based trust services that
respond to competitive and technological developments and changing customer
needs.
 
  Our failure to develop and introduce new Internet-based trust services
successfully on a timely basis and to achieve market acceptance for such
Internet-based trust services could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the
widespread adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunication
technologies or standards or other technological changes could require that we
make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our Internet-based trust
services. To the extent that a specific method other than digital certificates
is adopted to enable trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications
over IP networks, sales of VeriSign's existing and planned Internet-based trust
services would be adversely affected and our Internet-based trust services
could be rendered unmarketable or obsolete, which would have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We believe
that there is a time-limited opportunity to achieve market share. We may not be
successful in achieving widespread acceptance of our Internet-based trust
services or in achieving market share before competitors offer products and
services with features similar to our current offerings. Any such failure by us
could materially harm our business.
 
Customer Support
 
  We believe that a high level of customer support for customers as well as end
users of digital certificates is necessary to achieve acceptance of our
Internet-based trust services. We provide a wide range of customer
 
                                       12
<PAGE>
 
support services through a staff of customer service personnel, call center, e-
mail help desk and a web-based self-help system. Since we first introduced our
Internet-based trust services over three years ago, we have developed a
substantial knowledge base of customer support information based on our
customer interactions and we believe that this offers us a competitive
advantage. Our call center is staffed from 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. PST and employs an
automated call director system to provide self-help services and, if necessary,
to route support calls to available support personnel. We also offer web-based
support services that are available on a 24 hour, 7 days per week basis and
that are frequently updated to improve existing information and to support new
services. Our e-mail customer support service utilizes customized auto response
systems to provide self-help recommendations and also utilizes a staff of
trained customer support agents who typically respond to customer inquiries
within 24 hours. As of December 31, 1998, we had 86 employees in our customer
support organization.
 
  We also employ technical support personnel who work directly with our direct
sales force, distributors and customers of our electronic commerce and
enterprise solutions. Our annual maintenance agreements for our electronic
commerce and enterprise solutions include technical support and upgrades. We
also provide training programs for enterprise customers of our Internet-based
trust services.
 
Competition
 
  Our Internet-based trust services are targeted at the new and rapidly
evolving market for trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications
over IP networks. Although the competitive environment in this market has yet
to develop fully, we anticipate that it will be intensely competitive, subject
to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and service
introductions and other market activities of industry participants.
 
  Our principal competitors generally fall within one of three categories: (1)
companies such as Entrust Technologies which offer software applications and
related digital certificate products that customers operate themselves; (2)
companies such as Digital Signature Trust Company (a subsidiary of Zions
Bancorporation) that primarily offer digital certificate and CA related
services; and (3) companies focused on providing a bundled offering of products
and services such as GTE CyberTrust and IBM (working jointly with Equifax). We
also experience competition from a number of smaller companies, and we believe
that our primary long-term competitors may not yet have entered the market.
Netscape has introduced software products that enable the issuance and
management of digital certificates, and we believe that other companies could
introduce such products. Additional companies could offer digital certificate
solutions that are competitive with ours.
 
  Several of our current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources than we do and therefore may be able to respond more quickly than we
can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and customer
requirements. Many of these competitors also have broader and more established
distribution channels that may be used to deliver competing products or
services directly to customers through bundling or other means. If such
competitors were to bundle competing products or services for their customers,
the demand for our products and services might be substantially reduced and our
ability to distribute our products successfully and the utilization of our
services would be substantially diminished. In addition, browser companies that
embed our interface technologies or otherwise feature VeriSign as a provider of
digital certificate solutions in their web browsers or on their websites could
also promote our competitors or charge VeriSign substantial fees for such
promotions in the future. New technologies and the expansion of existing
technologies may increase the competitive pressures on us. There can be no
assurance that competing technologies developed by others or the emergence of
new industry standards will not adversely affect our competitive position or
render our Internet-based trust services or technologies noncompetitive or
obsolete. In addition, the market for digital certificates is nascent and is
characterized by announcements of collaborative relationships involving our
competitors. The existence or announcement of such relationships could
adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. As a result of
the foregoing and other factors, we may not be able to compete effectively with
current or future competitors and competitive pressures that we face could
materially harm our business.
 
                                       13
<PAGE>
 
  In connection with our first round of financing, RSA contributed certain
technology to us and entered into a noncompetition agreement with us pursuant
to which RSA agreed that it would not compete with our CA business for a period
of five years. This noncompetition agreement will expire in April 2000. We
believe that, because RSA, which is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Security
Dynamics, has already developed expertise in the area of cryptography, its
barriers to entry would be lower than those that would be encountered by our
other potential competitors should it choose to enter any of our markets. If
RSA were to enter into the digital certificate market, our business could be
materially harmed.
 
Government Regulation
 
  Exports of software products utilizing encryption technology are generally
restricted by the U.S. and various non-U.S. governments. Although we have
obtained approval to export our Global Server digital certificate service and
none of our other Internet-based trust services are currently subject to export
controls under U.S. law, the list of products and countries for which export
approval is required could be revised in the future to include more digital
certificate products and related services. If we do not obtain required
approvals we may not be able to sell certain Internet-based trust services in
international markets. There are currently no federal laws or regulations that
specifically control CAs, but a limited number of states have enacted
legislation or regulations with respect to CAs. If the market for digital
certificates grows, the U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. governments may
choose to enact further regulations governing CAs or other providers of digital
certificate products and related services. Such regulations or the costs of
complying with such regulations could harm our business.
 
  Many companies conducting electronic commerce over IP networks do not collect
sales or other similar taxes with respect to shipments of goods into other
states or foreign countries or with respect to other transactions conducted
between parties in different states or countries. It is possible that the U.S.
federal or state or non-U.S. governments may seek to impose sales taxes on
companies that engage in electronic commerce over IP networks. In the event
that government bodies succeed in imposing sales or other taxes on electronic
commerce, the growth of the use of IP networks for electronic commerce could
slow substantially, which could materially harm our business.
 
  Due to the increasing popularity of IP networks, it is possible that laws and
regulations may be enacted covering issues such as user privacy, pricing,
content and quality of products and services. The increased attention focused
upon these issues as a result of the adoption of other laws or regulations may
reduce the rate of growth of IP networks, which in turn could result in
decreased demand for our Internet-based trust services or could otherwise
materially harm our business.
 
Intellectual Property
 
  We rely primarily on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secret
laws, restrictions on disclosure and other methods to protect our intellectual
property and trade secrets. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with
our employees and consultants, and generally control access to and distribution
of our documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain
and use our intellectual property or trade secrets without authorization. In
addition, there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop
substantially equivalent intellectual property. There can be no assurance that
the precautions we take will prevent misappropriation or infringement of our
technology. We have also filed five applications for patents with respect to
certain of our technology. However, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may
not award any patents with respect to these applications. Even if patents are
issued, they may not adequately protect this technology from infringement or
prevent others from claiming our technology infringes that of third parties.
Our failure to protect our intellectual property in a meaningful manner could
materially harm our business. In addition, litigation may be necessary in the
future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade
secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of
others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
management and technical resources, either of which could materially harm our
business.
 
                                       14
<PAGE>
 
  We also rely on certain licensed third-party technology, such as public key
cryptography technology licensed from RSA and other technology that is used in
our Internet-based trust services to perform key functions. In particular, RSA
has granted VeriSign a perpetual, royalty free, nonexclusive, worldwide license
to distribute Internet-based trust services we develop that contain or
incorporate the RSA BSAFE and TIPEM products and that relate to digital
certificate issuing software, software for the management of private keys and
for digitally signing computer files on behalf of others, software for
customers to preview and forward digital certificate requests to us, or such
other services that, in RSA's reasonable discretion, are reasonably necessary
for the implementation of a digital certificate business. Our agreement with
RSA also requires RSA to provide us maintenance and technical support for these
services. RSA's BSAFE product is a software tool kit that allows for the
integration of encryption and authentication features into software
applications. TIPEM is a secure e-mail development tool kit that allows for
secure e-mail messages to be sent using one vendor's e-mail product and read by
another vendor's e-mail product. These third-party technology licenses may not
continue to be available to VeriSign on commercially reasonable terms or at
all. The loss of any of these technologies could materially harm our business.
Moreover, in our current license agreements, the licensor has agreed to defend,
indemnify and hold VeriSign harmless with respect to any claim by a third party
that the licensed software infringes any patent or other proprietary right.
Although these licenses are fully paid, there can be no assurance that the
outcome of any litigation between the licensor and a third party or between
VeriSign and a third party will not lead to obligations for us to pay royalties
for which we are not indemnified or for which such indemnification is
insufficient, or that we will be able to obtain any additional license on
commercially reasonable terms or at all. In the future, we may seek to license
additional technology to incorporate in our Internet-based trust services.
Third party technology licenses that we may need to obtain in the future may
not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The loss of
or inability to obtain or maintain any of these technology licenses could
result in delays in introduction of our Internet-based trust services until
equivalent technology, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated.
This could materially harm our business.
 
  From time to time, we have received, and may receive in the future, notice of
claims of infringement of other parties' proprietary rights. Infringement or
other claims could be asserted or prosecuted against us in the future, and it
is possible that past or future assertions or prosecutions could harm our
business. Any such claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming,
result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management
personnel, cause delays in the release of new Internet-based trust services or
require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or
licensing agreements. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may
not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event of a
successful claim of infringement against VeriSign and our failure or inability
to develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar
technology on a timely basis, our business could be materially harmed. See
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Factors That May Affect Future Results--There are Risks Related to
Intellectual Property Rights."
 
Employees
 
  As of December 31, 1998, VeriSign had 315 full-time employees. Of the total,
106 were employed in sales and marketing, 65 in research and development, 86 in
customer support, 7 in practices and external affairs, 4 in federal markets and
47 in finance and administration, including information services personnel. We
have never had a work stoppage, and no employees are represented under
collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees
to be good. Our ability to achieve our financial and operational objectives
depends in large part upon our continued ability to attract, integrate, train,
retain and motivate highly qualified sales, technical and managerial personnel,
and upon the continued service of our senior management and key sales and
technical personnel, none of whom is bound by an employment agreement.
Competition for such qualified personnel in our industry and geographical
location in the San Francisco Bay Area is intense, particularly in software
development and product management personnel.
 
                                       15
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
 
  VeriSign's principal administrative, sales, marketing, research and
development and operations facilities are located in two adjacent buildings in
Mountain View, California, where we occupy approximately 44,000 square feet
under leases that expire in 2005. We have leased additional office space
contiguous to our headquarters under a lease that begins January 1, 1999 and
expires in June 2005. We believe that with this additional space of
approximately 52,000 square feet, our office space will be adequate to meet our
needs for the foreseeable future.
 
  VeriSign also leases space for sales and support offices in Norcross,
Georgia; Rosemont, Illinois; Linthicum, Maryland; Wakefield, Massachusetts;
Novi, Michigan; Uniondale, New York; and Irving, Texas. In addition, we lease
space in Kawasaki, Japan for our offices and secure data center and we lease
space for a sales and support office in Upplands Vasby, Sweden. The Company's
success is largely dependent on the uninterrupted operation of its secure data
centers and computer and communications systems. See "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Factors That May
Affect Future Results of Operations--System interruptions and security breaches
could harm our business."
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
  Not applicable.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
  Not applicable.
 
ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
  The following table sets forth certain information regarding the executive
officers of VeriSign as of December 31, 1998.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Name           Age                     Position
             ----           ---                     --------
   <S>                      <C> <C>
   Stratton D. Sclavos.....  37 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
   Jagtar S. Chaudhry......  40 Vice President and General Manager of Security
                                Vice President of Finance and Administration and
   Services Dana L. Evan...  39  Chief Financial Officer
   Quentin P. Gallivan.....  41 Vice President of Worldwide Sales
   Arnold Schaeffer........  35 Vice President of Engineering
   Richard A. Yanowitch....  42 Vice President of Marketing
</TABLE>
 
  Stratton D. Sclavos has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and
as a director of VeriSign since he joined VeriSign in July 1995. From October
1993 to June 1995, he was Vice President, Worldwide Marketing and Sales of
Taligent, Inc., a software development company that was a joint venture among
Apple Computer, Inc., IBM and Hewlett-Packard. From May 1992 to September 1993,
Mr. Sclavos was Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Business Development of
GO Corporation, a pen-based computer company. Prior to that time, he served in
various sales and marketing capacities for MIPS Computer Systems, Inc. and
Megatest Corporation. Mr. Sclavos is also a director and a member of the
compensation committee of Network Solutions, Inc. Mr. Sclavos holds a B.S.
degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of California
at Davis.
 
  Jagtar S. Chaudhry has served as Vice President and General Manager of
Security Services of VeriSign since VeriSign acquired SecureIT in July 1998.
Mr. Chaudhry founded SecureIT in January 1997 and served as its President and
Chief Executive Officer until it was acquired by VeriSign. Prior to founding
SecureIT, from January 1995, Mr. Chaudhry served as Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing at IQ Software, a database
 
                                       16
<PAGE>
 
reporting tools company. Mr. Chaudhry was the Vice President of Sales and
Marketing--Software Products Group at Unisys from March 1993 to January 1995.
Mr. Chaudhry holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from the Institute
of Technology, Varanasi, India and two M.S. degrees in Computer Engineering and
Industrial Engineering and an M.B.A. from the University of Cincinnati.
 
  Dana L. Evan has served as Vice President of Finance and Administration and
Chief Financial Officer of VeriSign since she joined VeriSign in June 1996.
From 1988 to June 1996, she worked as a financial consultant in the capacity of
chief financial officer, vice president of finance or corporate controller for
various public and private companies and partnerships, including VeriSign from
November 1995 to June 1996, Delphi Bioventures, a venture capital firm, from
1988 to June 1995, and Identix Incorporated, a manufacturer of biometric
identity verification and imaging products, from 1991 to August 1993. Prior to
1988, she was employed by KPMG LLP, most recently as a senior manager. Ms. Evan
is a certified public accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Commerce with a
concentration in Accounting and Finance from the University of Santa Clara.
 
  Quentin P. Gallivan has served as Vice President of Worldwide Sales of
VeriSign since he joined VeriSign in October 1997. From April 1996 to October
1997, he was Vice President for Asia Pacific and Latin America of Netscape, a
software company. Prior to that time, Mr. Gallivan was with General Electric
Information Services, an electronic commerce services company, most recently as
Vice President, Sales and Services for the Americas.
 
  Arnold Schaeffer has served as Vice President of Engineering of VeriSign
since he joined VeriSign in January 1996. From March 1992 to December 1995, he
was employed by Taligent, most recently as Vice President of Engineering,
CommonPoint Products. Prior to working at Taligent, he served as a software
engineer for Apple, Intellicorp and Hewlett-Packard. Mr. Schaeffer holds a B.S.
degree in Information and Computer Science from the Georgia Institute of
Technology and an M.B.A. degree from the University of California at Berkeley.
 
  Richard A. Yanowitch has served as Vice President of Marketing of VeriSign
since he joined VeriSign in May 1996. From July 1995 to May 1996, he was a
management consultant to private software companies. From 1989 to June 1995, he
held a series of marketing positions with Sybase, Inc., a software company,
most recently as Vice President of Corporate Marketing. Prior to that time, he
held various sales, marketing and operating positions with The Santa Cruz
Operation, Inc., Digital Equipment Corporation, Lanier Harris Corporation and
Brooks International Corporation. Mr. Yanowitch holds a B.A. degree in History
from Swarthmore College and an M.B.A. degree in Entrepreneurial Management and
Marketing from Harvard Business School.
 
                                       17
<PAGE>
 
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
 
  VeriSign's common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "VRSN" since January 29, 1998, the date of our initial public
offering. Prior to such time, there was no public market for our common stock.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low
sales prices for our common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Price Range
                                                                  -------------
                                                                   High   Low
                                                                  ------ ------
   <S>                                                            <C>    <C>
   Year ended December 31, 1998:
     First Quarter (beginning January 30, 1998).................. $46.88 $20.50
     Second Quarter..............................................  49.00  26.00
     Third Quarter...............................................  44.88  21.88
     Fourth Quarter..............................................  77.50  19.38
</TABLE>
 
  On January 31, 1999, there were 236 holders of record of our common stock.
Because many of such shares are held by brokers and other institutions on
behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of
stockholders represented by these record holders.
 
  The market price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past and is likely
to fluctuate in the future. In addition, the market prices of securities of
other technology companies, particularly Internet-related companies, have been
highly volatile. Factors that may have a significant effect on the market price
of our common stock include:
 
  . fluctuations in our operating results;
 
  . announcements of technological innovations or new Internet-based trust
    services by us or new products or services by our competitors;
 
  . analysts' reports and projections;
 
  . regulatory actions; and
 
  . general market, economic or political conditions in the U.S. or abroad.
 
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock or
other securities and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of our equipment line of credit
agreement prohibit the payment of dividends on our capital stock.
 
                                       18
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
  The following selected consolidated financial data are derived from
VeriSign's consolidated financial statements and are restated to reflect our
acquisition of SecureIT, Inc. in 1998 in a transaction accounted for as a
pooling-of-interests. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
This data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto, and with Item 7, Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Period from
                                                                  April 12, 1995
                                     Years Ended December 31,     (inception) to
                                    ----------------------------   December 31,
                                      1998      1997      1996         1995
                                    --------  --------  --------  --------------
                                      (In thousands, except per share data)
   <S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
   Consolidated Statement of
    Operations Data:
     Revenues.....................  $ 38,930  $ 13,356  $  1,356     $   382
     Total costs and expenses.....    62,075    34,657    12,415       2,524
     Operating loss...............   (23,145)  (21,301)  (11,059)     (2,142)
     Minority interest in net loss
      of subsidiary...............     1,282     1,538       838         --
     Net loss.....................   (19,743)  (18,589)  (10,288)     (1,994)
     Basic and diluted net loss
      per share...................      (.95)    (2.61)    (2.07)       (.43)
<CAPTION>
                                                  December 31,
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      1998      1997      1996         1995
                                    --------  --------  --------  --------------
                                                 (In thousands)
   <S>                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
   Consolidated Balance Sheet
    Data:
     Cash, cash equivalents and
      short-term investments......  $ 41,745  $ 12,893  $ 30,006     $ 2,687
     Working capital..............    31,085     6,160    24,788       2,284
     Total assets.................    64,295    26,904    36,537       4,052
     Stockholders' equity.........    40,728    13,541    28,520       3,376
</TABLE>
 
                                       19
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
 
  You should read the following discussion in conjunction with VeriSign's
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
 
Overview
 
  VeriSign is the leading provider of Internet-based trust services needed by
websites, enterprises and individuals to conduct trusted and secure electronic
commerce and communications over IP networks. We have established strategic
relationships with industry leaders, including AT&T, BT, Cisco, Microsoft,
Netscape, Network Associates, RSA, Security Dynamics and VISA, to enable
widespread utilization of our digital certificate services and to assure their
interoperability with a wide variety of applications and network equipment. We
have used our secure online infrastructure to issue over 100,000 of our website
digital certificates and over 3.5 million of our digital certificates for
individuals. We believe that we have issued more digital certificates than any
other company in the world. Our Website Digital Certificate services are used
by over 400 of the Fortune 500 companies and all of the top 25 electronic
commerce websites as listed by Jupiter Communications, an independent market
research firm. We also offer the VeriSign OnSite service, which allows an
organization to leverage our trusted service infrastructure to develop and
deploy customized digital certificate services for use by its employees,
customers and business partners. Over 300 enterprises have subscribed to the
OnSite service since its introduction in November 1997, including Bank of
America, Hewlett-Packard, the Internal Revenue Service, Kodak, Sumitomo Bank,
Texas Instruments and USWest.
 
  We have derived substantially all of our revenues to date from fees for
services rendered in connection with deploying Internet-based trust services.
Revenues from our Internet-based trust services consist of fees for the
issuance of digital certificates, fees for digital certificate software modules
and fees for consulting, training, support and maintenance services. We defer
revenues from the sale or renewal of digital certificates and recognize this
revenue ratably over the life of the digital certificate, generally 12 months.
We recognize revenues from the sale of digital certificate software modules to
distributors and affiliates upon delivery of the software and signing of an
agreement, provided the fee is fixed and determinable, collectibility is
probable and the arrangement does not require significant production,
modification or customization of the software. We recognize revenues from
consulting and training services using the percentage-of-completion method for
fixed-fee development arrangements or as the services are provided for time-
and-materials arrangements. We recognize revenue ratably over the term of the
agreement for support and maintenance services.
 
  We market our Internet-based trust services worldwide through multiple
distribution channels, including the Internet, direct sales, telesales, VARs,
systems integrators and our affiliates. A significant portion of our revenues
to date has been generated through sales from our website, but we intend to
continue increasing our direct sales force, both in the U.S. and abroad, and to
continue to expand our other distribution channels.
 
  In connection with the formation of VeriSign Japan, we licensed certain
technology and contributed other assets to VeriSign Japan. Subsequent to its
formation, additional investors purchased minority interests in VeriSign Japan.
As of December 31, 1998, we owned 50.5% of the outstanding capital stock of
VeriSign Japan. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of VeriSign Japan and our consolidated statements of operations
reflect the minority shareholders' share of the net losses of VeriSign Japan.
 
  In July 1998, we acquired SecureIT, a provider of Internet and enterprise
security solutions, including a range of products and services to help clients
assess, design and implement security solutions. In addition, SecureIT provides
training on related subjects. The acquisition added services and technology
complementary to our Internet-based trust services. We have accounted for the
acquisition as a pooling-of-interests. Accordingly, we have restated all prior
period consolidated financial statements to include the results of operations,
financial position and cash flows of SecureIT as though it had always been a
part of VeriSign.
 
                                       20
<PAGE>
 
  We have experienced substantial net losses in each fiscal period since our
inception. As of December 31, 1998, we had an accumulated deficit of $51.4
million. These net losses and accumulated deficit resulted from our lack of
substantial revenues and the significant costs incurred in the development and
sale of our Internet-based trust services and in the establishment and
deployment of our technology, infrastructure and practices. We intend to
increase our expenditures in all areas in order to execute our business plan.
As a result, we expect to incur substantial additional losses. Although our
revenues have grown in recent periods, we may be unable to sustain such growth.
Therefore, you should not consider our historical growth indicative of future
revenue levels or operating results. We may never achieve profitability or, if
we do, we may not be able to sustain it. A more complete description of these
and other risks relating to our business is set forth under the caption
"Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operations."
 
Results of Operations
 
 Revenues
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             1998   Change  1997   Change  1996
                                            ------- ------ ------- ------ ------
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                      <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
   Revenues................................ $38,930  191%  $13,356  885%  $1,356
</TABLE>
 
  Revenues increased significantly in 1998 from 1997 and 1996 due to increased
sales of our Internet-based trust services, particularly our website digital
certificates and VeriSign OnSite services, delivery of more training and
services and higher sales of third-party products. In the third quarter of
1997, we increased our per-unit prices for digital certificates by
approximately 15%. In addition, during 1998, we completed certain work required
under various consulting contracts and recognized the related portion of
revenues.
 
  We adopted the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement
of Position ("SOP") No. 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition," for software
transactions entered into beginning January 1, 1998. SOP No. 97-2 generally
requires revenue earned on software arrangements involving multiple elements to
be allocated to each element based on its relative fair value. The fair value
of the element must be based on objective evidence that is specific to the
vendor. If a vendor does not have objective evidence of the fair value of all
elements in a multiple-element arrangement, all revenue from the arrangement
must be deferred until such evidence exists or until all elements have been
delivered. The adoption of SOP No. 97-2 did not have a material effect on our
operating results.
 
  No customer accounted for 10% or more of revenues during the year ended
December 31, 1998. VISA International accounted for approximately 10% of our
revenues in 1997 and approximately 21% of our revenues in 1996. Revenues of
VeriSign Japan and revenues from other international customers accounted for
14% of total revenues in 1998 and less than 10% of revenues in each of 1997 and
1996.
 
 Costs and Expenses
 
  VeriSign's cost and expenses increased in 1998 compared to 1997 and 1996
primarily due to our overall growth. The total number of our employees
increased from 26 at January 1, 1996 to 315 at December 31, 1998. In addition,
we opened several new offices, increased our sales and marketing and research
and development efforts and expanded our headquarters and secure data centers
during these time periods.
 
 Cost of revenues
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              1998   Change  1997  Change  1996
                                             ------- ------ ------ ------ ------
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                       <C>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
   Cost of revenues......................... $19,454  101%  $9,689  247%  $2,791
</TABLE>
 
  Cost of revenues consists primarily of costs related to providing digital
certificate enrollment and issuance services, customer support and training,
consulting and development services and costs of facilities and
 
                                       21
<PAGE>
 
computer equipment used in such activities. Cost of revenues also includes
fees paid to third parties to verify certificate applicants' identities,
insurance premiums for our service warranty plan and errors and omission
insurance and the cost of software resold to customers.
 
  The increase in cost of revenues in 1998 from 1997 was due to a number of
factors. We hired more employees to support the additional volume of digital
certificates issued and to support the growth of SecureIT's security
consulting and training activities. The cost of insurance premiums for our
service warranty plan increased, partly because of greater volume and partly
because this plan was not in effect for a portion of 1997. In addition, we
incurred increased expenses for access to third-party databases, higher
support charges for our external disaster recovery program and for the cost of
software products resold to customers as part of network security solution
implementations.
 
  Cost of revenues increased in 1997 over 1996 as a result of many of the same
factors as caused the increase in 1998 over 1997. In addition, facilities
costs and related overhead costs increased as we built our operations
infrastructure. We also incurred costs related to the introduction of new
services as well as the costs related to certain third-party software products
that were resold to our customers as part of network security solution
implementations. Also in 1997, we implemented our services warranty program
and our disaster recovery program.
 
  Certain of our services require greater personnel involvement and therefore
have higher costs than other services. As a result, we anticipate that cost of
revenues will vary in 1999 depending on the mix of services sold.
 
 Sales and marketing
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          1998    Change  1997    Change  1996
                                         -------  ------ -------  ------ ------
                                                (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                   <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>    <C>
   Sales and marketing.................. $22,943    94%  $11,826   142%  $4,885
   Percentage of revenues...............      59%             89%           360%
</TABLE>
 
  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of costs related to sales,
marketing and practices and external affairs. These expenses include salaries,
sales commissions and other personnel-related expenses, travel and related
expenses, costs of computer and communications equipment and support services,
facilities costs, consulting fees and costs of marketing programs.
 
  Sales and marketing expenses increased in 1998 from 1997 as a result of the
continued growth of our direct sales force and the expansion of our efforts,
particularly in lead and demand generation activities. The growth and
expansion of the SecureIT sales and marketing organization also contributed to
the increase in these expenses. The increase in 1997 over 1996 was
substantially due to increased headcount and, to a lesser extent, increased
expenditures for marketing programs. The decrease in sales and marketing
expenses as a percentage of revenues from 1996 to 1997 and 1998 is primarily
due to the fact that revenues have increased faster than sales and marketing
expenses in those periods.
 
  We anticipate that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase in
absolute dollars as we expand our direct sales force and increase our
marketing and promotional activities both in the U.S. and abroad.
 
 Research and development
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            1998   Change  1997   Change  1996
                                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                                                 (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                     <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
   Research and development............... $8,435    59%  $5,303   158%  $2,058
   Percentage of revenues.................     22%            40%           152%
</TABLE>
 
  Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs related to
research and development personnel, including salaries and other personnel-
related expenses, consulting fees and the costs of facilities, computer and
communications equipment and support services used in service and technology
development.
 
                                      22
<PAGE>
 
  Research and development expenses increased in absolute dollars in each of
the periods presented as we invested in the design, testing and deployment of,
and technical support for, our expanded Internet-based trust service offerings
and technology. The increase reflects the expansion of our engineering staff
and related costs required to support our continued emphasis on developing new
products and services as well as enhancing existing products and services.
During 1998, we continued to make significant investments in development of all
of our services, including those targeted for the service provider market. The
decrease in research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues from
1996 to 1997 and 1998 is primarily due to the fact that revenues have increased
faster than research and development expenses in those periods.
 
  We believe that timely development of new and enhanced Internet-based trust
services and technology are necessary to remain competitive in the marketplace.
Accordingly, we intend to continue to recruit experienced research and
development personnel and to make other investments in research and
development. As a result, we expect research and development expenses will
continue to increase in absolute dollars. To date, we have expensed all
research and development expenditures as incurred.
 
 General and administrative
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            1998   Change  1997   Change  1996
                                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                                                 (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                     <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
   General and administrative............. $7,688    53%  $5,039    88%  $2,681
   Percentage of revenues.................     20%            38%           198%
</TABLE>
 
  General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other
personnel-related expenses for our administrative, finance and human relations
personnel, facilities and computer and communications equipment, support
services and professional services fees.
 
  Our expenses increased in each of the years presented due primarily to
increased staffing levels required to manage and support our expanded
operations and the implementation of additional management information systems
and related procedures. In addition, in 1998, we incurred additional costs
related to being a public company, including investor relations programs and
professional services fees.
 
  We expect to continue to invest in a more comprehensive executive and
administrative infrastructure and to add additional facilities as required. As
a result, we anticipate that general and administrative expenses will continue
to increase in absolute dollars.
 
 Special charges
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               1998   Change  1997   Change 1996
                                              ------  ------ ------  ------ ----
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                        <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
   Special charges........................... $3,555    27%  $2,800    NA    --
   Percentage of revenues....................      9%            21%         --
</TABLE>
 
  In connection with our acquisition of SecureIT, we recorded a special charge
of $3.6 million to operating expenses in the third quarter of 1998. The
expenses included $2.4 million for direct and other merger-related costs
pertaining to the merger transaction. Merger transaction costs consisted
primarily of fees for investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, filing fees
and other related charges. The remaining $1.2 million related to stock-based
compensation charges in connection with the acceleration of certain performance
stock options held by SecureIT employees.
 
  In September 1996, VeriFone, Inc. which subsequently became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Hewlett-Packard, filed a lawsuit against VeriSign alleging, among
other things, trademark infringement. In November 1997, VeriSign, Hewlett-
Packard and VeriFone reached an agreement, under which, among other things, we
issued 250,000 shares of our common stock, which were transferred to Hewlett-
Packard, and VeriSign and VeriFone settled all claims. The settlement amount
was recorded in the third quarter of 1997 as a $2.0 million charge to
operations.
 
                                       23
<PAGE>
 
  In November 1997, we entered into a preferred provider agreement with
Microsoft whereby we agreed to jointly develop, promote and distribute a
variety of client-based and server-based digital certificate solutions. Under
this agreement, we have been designated as the premier provider of digital
certificates for Microsoft customers, In connection with the agreement, we
issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to Microsoft and recorded an $800,000
charge to operations.
 
 Other Income (Expense)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1998   Change  1997   Change  1996
                                          ------  ------ ------  ------  ----
                                               (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>
   Other income (expense)................ $2,120    81%  $1,174  1,852%  $(67)
   Percentage of revenues................      5%             9%           (5)%
</TABLE>
 
  Other income (expense) consists primarily of interest earned on our cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments, less interest expense on bank
borrowings of VeriSign Japan and the effect of foreign currency transaction
gains and losses.
 
  The increase in other income in 1998 and 1997 is primarily due to a higher
average cash and short-term investment base in each of 1998 and 1997. The 1998
increase was a result of the proceeds from our initial public offering on
January 29, 1998. The 1997 increase was due to the cash proceeds from our
November 1996 Series C Preferred Stock financing.
 
 Provision for Income Tax
 
  We have not recorded any provision for federal and California income taxes
because we have experienced net losses since inception. As of December 31,
1998, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $52.3
million and California net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $46.5
million. If we are not able to use them, the federal net operating loss
carryforwards will expire in 2010 through 2018 and the state net operating loss
carryforwards will expire in 2003. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 imposes
substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating losses and tax
credits in the event of a corporation's ownership change, as defined in the
Internal Revenue Code. Our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards
may be limited as a result of such ownership change. We do not anticipate that
any material limitation exists on our ability to use our carryforwards and
credits.
 
  We have provided a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax asset because
of the uncertainty regarding its realization. Our accounting for deferred taxes
under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes," involves the evaluation of a number of factors concerning the
realizability of our deferred tax assets. In concluding that a full valuation
allowance was required, we considered such factors as our history of operating
losses and expected future losses and the nature of our deferred tax assets.
Although our operating plans assume taxable and operating income in future
periods, our evaluation of all of the available evidence in assessing the
realizability of the deferred tax assets indicated that such plans were not
considered sufficient to overcome the available negative evidence. See Note 9
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
 Minority Interest in Net Loss of Subsidiary
 
  Minority interest in the net losses of VeriSign Japan was $1.3 million, $1.5
million and $.8 million in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The decrease from
1997 to 1998 was primarily due to VeriSign Japan's increased revenue as
compared to the prior year. The increase from 1996 to 1997 was due to the
increased expenses incurred in establishing and expanding the operations of
VeriSign Japan prior to the generation of significant revenues as well as to an
increasing percentage of VeriSign Japan's capital stock being held by minority
shareholders. VeriSign Japan is still in the early stage of operations and,
therefore, we expect that the minority interest in net loss of subsidiary will
continue to fluctuate in future periods.
 
                                       24
<PAGE>
 
Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operations
 
 We have a limited operating history.
 
  VeriSign was incorporated in April 1995, and we began introducing our
Internet-based trust services in June 1995. Accordingly, we have only a limited
operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects.
Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties
encountered by companies in the early stages of development. These risks and
uncertainties are often worse for companies in new and rapidly evolving
markets. Our success will depend on many factors, including, but not limited
to, the following:
 
  . the rate and timing of the growth and use of IP networks for electronic
    commerce and communications;
 
  . the extent to which digital certificates are used for such communications
    and commerce;
 
  . the continued evolution of electronic commerce as a viable means of
    conducting business;
 
  . the demand for our Internet-based trust services;
 
  . competition levels;
 
  . the perceived security of electronic commerce and communications over IP
    networks;
 
  . the perceived security of our services, technology, infrastructure and
    practices; and
 
  . our continued ability to maintain our current, and enter into additional,
    strategic relationships.
 
  To address these risks we must, among other things:
 
  . successfully market our Internet-based trust services and our digital
    certificates to our new and existing customers;
 
  . attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel;
 
  . respond to competitive developments;
 
  . successfully introduce new Internet-based trust services; and
 
  . successfully introduce enhancements to our existing Internet-based trust
    services to address new technologies and standards.
 
  We cannot be certain that we will successfully address any of these risks.
 
 Our business depends on the adoption of IP networks.
 
  In order for VeriSign to be successful, IP networks must be widely adopted,
in a timely manner, as a means of trusted and secure electronic commerce and
communications. Because electronic commerce and communications over IP networks
are new and evolving, it is difficult to predict the size of this market and
its sustainable growth rate. To date, many businesses and consumers have been
deterred from utilizing IP networks for a number of reasons, including, but not
limited to:
 
  . potentially inadequate development of network infrastructure;
 
  . security concerns including the potential for merchant or user
    impersonation and fraud or theft of stored data and information
    communicated over IP networks;
 
  . inconsistent quality of service;
 
  . lack of availability of cost-effective, high-speed service;
 
  . limited numbers of local access points for corporate users;
 
  . inability to integrate business applications on IP networks;
 
                                       25
<PAGE>
 
  . the need to operate with multiple and frequently incompatible products;
    and
 
  . a lack of tools to simplify access to and use of IP networks.
 
  The adoption of IP networks will require a broad acceptance of new methods of
conducting business and exchanging information. Companies and government
agencies that already have invested substantial resources in other methods of
conducting business may be reluctant to adopt new methods. Also, individuals
with established patterns of purchasing goods and services and effecting
payments may be reluctant to change.
 
  The use of IP networks may not increase or may increase more slowly than we
expect because the infrastructure required to support widespread use may not
develop. The Internet may continue to experience significant growth both in the
number of users and the level of use. However, the Internet infrastructure may
not be able to continue to support the demands placed on it by continued
growth. Continued growth may also affect the Internet's performance and
reliability. In addition, the growth and reliability of IP networks could be
harmed by delays in development or adoption of new standards and protocols to
handle increased levels of activity or by increased governmental regulation.
Changes in, or insufficient availability of, communications services to support
IP networks could result in poor performance and also adversely affect their
usage. Any of these factors could materially harm our business. See "Business--
Customers and Markets."
 
 Our market is new and evolving.
 
  We target our Internet-based trust services at the market for trusted and
secure electronic commerce and communications over IP networks. This is a new
and rapidly evolving market that may not continue to grow. Accordingly, the
demand for our Internet-based trust services is very uncertain. Even if the
market for electronic commerce and communications over IP networks grows, our
Internet-based trust services may not be widely accepted. The factors that may
affect the level of market acceptance of digital certificates and,
consequently, our Internet-based trust services, include the following:
 
  . market acceptance of products and services based upon authentication
    technologies other than those we use;
 
  . public perception of the security of digital certificates and IP networks;
 
  . the ability of the Internet infrastructure to accommodate increased levels
    of usage; and
 
  . government regulations affecting electronic commerce and communications
    over IP networks.
 
  Even if digital certificates achieve market acceptance, our Internet-based
trust services may fail to address the market's requirements adequately. If
digital certificates do not achieve market acceptance in a timely manner and
sustain such acceptance, or if our Internet-based trust services in particular
do not achieve or sustain market acceptance, our business would be materially
harmed. See "Business--Customers and Markets."
 
 System interruptions and security breaches could harm our business.
 
  We depend on the uninterrupted operation of our secure data centers and our
other computer and communications systems. We must protect these systems from
loss, damage or interruption caused by fire, earthquake, power loss,
telecommunications failure or other events beyond our control. Most of our
systems are located at, and most of our customer information is stored in, our
facilities in Mountain View, California and Kawasaki, Japan, areas susceptible
to earthquakes. Any damage or failure that causes interruptions in our secure
data centers and our other computer and communications systems could materially
harm our business. In addition, our ability to issue digital certificates
depends on the efficient operation of the Internet connections from customers
to our secure data centers. Such connections depend upon efficient operation of
web browsers, Internet service providers and Internet backbone service
providers, all of which have had periodic operational problems or experienced
outages in the past. Any of these problems or outages could adversely affect
customer satisfaction.
 
                                       26
<PAGE>
 
  Our success also depends upon the scalability of our systems. Our systems
have not been tested at the volumes that may be required in the future. Thus,
it is possible that a substantial increase in demand for our Internet-based
trust services could cause interruptions in our systems. Any such interruptions
could adversely affect our ability to deliver our Internet-based trust services
and therefore could materially harm our business.
 
  Although we periodically perform, and retain accredited third parties to
perform, audits of our operational practices and procedures, we may not be able
to remain in compliance with our internal standards or those set by third-party
auditors. If we fail to maintain these standards, we may have to expend
significant time and money to return to compliance and our business could be
materially harmed.
 
  We retain certain confidential customer information in our secure data
centers. It is critical to our business strategy that our facilities and
infrastructure remain secure and are perceived by the marketplace to be secure.
Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical
break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or similar disruptive problems.
It is possible that we may have to expend additional financial and other
resources to address such problems. Any physical or electronic break-ins or
other security breaches or compromises of the information stored at our secure
data centers may jeopardize the security of information stored on our premises
or in the computer systems and networks of our customers. In such an event, we
could face significant liability and customers could be reluctant to use our
Internet-based trust services. Such an occurrence could also result in adverse
publicity and therefore adversely affect the market's perception of the
security of electronic commerce and communications over IP networks as well as
of the security or reliability of our services. See "Business--Infrastructure,"
"--Security and Trust Practices" and "Properties."
 
 We must manage our growth and expansion.
 
  Our historical growth has placed, and any further growth is likely to
continue to place, a significant strain on our resources. VeriSign has grown
from 26 employees at December 31, 1995 to 315 employees at December 31, 1998.
We have also opened additional sales offices and have significantly expanded
our operations, both in the U.S. and abroad, during this time period. We
expanded our operations by acquiring SecureIT during 1998. To be successful, we
will need to implement additional management information systems, develop
further our operating, administrative, financial and accounting systems and
controls and maintain close coordination among our executive, engineering,
accounting, finance, marketing, sales and operations organizations. Any failure
to manage growth effectively could materially harm our business.
 
 We must establish and maintain strategic relationships.
 
  One of our significant business strategies has been to enter into strategic
or other similar collaborative relationships in order to reach a larger
customer base than we could reach through our direct sales and marketing
efforts. We may need to enter into additional relationships to execute our
business plan. We may not be able to enter into additional, or maintain our
existing, strategic relationships on commercially reasonable terms. If we
failed, we would have to devote substantially more resources to the
distribution, sale and marketing of our Internet-based trust services than we
would otherwise. Furthermore, as a result of our emphasis on these
relationships, our success in such relationships will depend both on the
ultimate success of the other parties to such relationships, particularly in
the use and promotion of IP networks for trusted and secure electronic commerce
and communications, and on the ability of certain of these parties to market
our Internet-based trust services successfully. Failure of one or more of our
strategic relationships to result in the development and maintenance of a
market for our Internet-based trust services could materially harm our
business.
 
  Our existing strategic relationships do not, and any future strategic
relationships may not, afford VeriSign any exclusive marketing or distribution
rights. In addition, the other parties may not view their relationships with us
as significant for their own businesses. Therefore, they could reduce their
commitment to VeriSign at any time in the future. These parties could also
pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products and services
either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors.
If we are unable to
 
                                       27
<PAGE>
 
maintain our strategic relationships or to enter into additional strategic
relationships, our business could be materially harmed. See "Business--
Strategic Relationships" and "--Marketing, Sales and Distribution."
 
 Certain of our internet-based trust services have lengthy sales and
implementation cycles.
 
  We market many of our Internet-based trust services directly to large
companies and government agencies. The sale and implementation of our services
to these entities typically involves a lengthy education process and a
significant technical evaluation and commitment of capital and other resources.
This process is also subject to the risk of delays associated with customers'
internal budgeting and other procedures for approving large capital
expenditures, deploying new technologies within their networks and testing and
accepting new technologies that affect key operations. As a result, the sales
and implementation cycles associated with certain of our Internet-based trust
services can be lengthy, potentially lasting from three to six months. Our
quarterly and annual operating results could be materially harmed if orders
forecasted for a specific customer for a particular quarter are not realized.
 
 Our international operations are subject to certain risks.
 
  Revenues of VeriSign Japan K.K., or VeriSign Japan, and revenues from other
international affiliates and customers accounted for approximately 14% of our
revenues in 1998 and approximately 9% of our revenues in 1997. We intend to
expand our international operations and international sales and marketing
activities. Expansion into these markets has required and will continue to
require significant management attention and resources. We may also need to
tailor our Internet-based trust services for a particular market and to enter
into international distribution and operating relationships. We have limited
experience in localizing our Internet-based trust services and in developing
international distribution or operating relationships. We may not succeed in
expanding our Internet-based trust service offerings into international
markets. Any such failure could harm our business. In addition, there are
certain risks inherent in doing business on an international basis, including,
among others:
 
  . regulatory requirements;
 
  . legal uncertainty regarding liability;
 
  . export and import restrictions on cryptographic technology and products
    incorporating that technology;
 
  . tariffs and other trade barriers;
 
  . difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
 
  . longer sales and payment cycles; problems in collecting accounts
    receivable;
 
  . difficulty of authenticating customer information;
 
  . political instability;
 
  . seasonal reductions in business activity; and
 
  . potentially adverse tax consequences.
 
  We have licensed to certain international affiliates the VeriSign Processing
Center platform, which is designed to replicate our own secure data centers and
allows the affiliate to offer back-end processing of Internet-based trust
services. The VeriSign Processing Center platform provides an affiliate with
the knowledge and technology to offer Internet-based trust services similar to
those offered by VeriSign. It is critical to our business strategy that the
facilities and infrastructure used in issuing and marketing digital
certificates remain secure and be perceived by the marketplace to be secure.
Although we provide the affiliate with training in security and trust
practices, network management and customer service and support, these practices
are performed by the affiliate and are outside of our control. Any failure of
an affiliate to maintain the privacy of confidential customer information could
result in negative publicity and therefore adversely affect the market's
 
                                       28
<PAGE>
 
perception of the security of our services as well as the security of
electronic commerce and communication over IP networks generally. See "--System
interruptions and security breaches could harm our business" and "Business--
VeriSign's Trust Services."
 
  All of our international revenues from sources other than VeriSign Japan are
denominated in U.S. dollars. If additional portions of our international
revenues were to be denominated in foreign currencies, we could become subject
to increased risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. See
"Business--Marketing, Sales and Distribution."
 
 Acquisitions could harm our business.
 
  During 1998, we acquired SecureIT. If we are unable to successfully complete
the integration of SecureIT, our business could be materially harmed. We may
acquire additional businesses, technologies, product lines or service offerings
in the future. Acquisitions involve a number of risks including among others:
 
  . the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of the
    acquired businesses;
 
  . the potential disruption of our business;
 
  . our inability to integrate, train, retain and motivate key personnel of
    the acquired business;
 
  . the diversion of our management from our day-to-day operations;
 
  . our inability to incorporate acquired technologies successfully into our
    Internet-based trust services;
 
  . the additional expense associated with completing an acquisition and
    amortizing any acquired intangible assets;
 
  . the potential impairment of relationships with our employees, customers
    and strategic partners; and
 
  . the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and
    policies.
 
  If we are unable to successfully address any of these risks, our business
could be materially harmed.
 
Year 2000 Issues
 
 Background of Year 2000 Issues
 
  Many currently installed computer systems and software products are unable to
distinguish between twentieth century dates and twenty-first century dates.
This situation could result in system failures or miscalculations causing
disruptions of operations of any business, including, among other things, a
temporary inability to process transactions, send invoices or engage in similar
normal business activities. As a result, many companies' software and computer
systems may need to be upgraded or replaced to comply with such "Year 2000"
requirements.
 
 State of Readiness
 
  Our business depends on the operation of numerous systems that could
potentially be impacted by Year 2000 related problems. The systems include:
hardware and software systems used to deliver our Internet-based trust
services, including our proprietary software systems as well as software
supplied by third parties; communications networks such as the Internet and
private intranets; the internal systems of our customers and suppliers; digital
certificates and software products sold to customers; the computer and
communications hardware and software systems we use internally to manage our
business; and non-information technology systems and services we use to manage
our business, such as telephone systems and building systems.
 
  Based on an analysis of all systems potentially impacted by conducting
business in the year 2000 and beyond, we are applying a phased approach to
making such systems, and accordingly our operations, ready for
 
                                       29
<PAGE>
 
the year 2000. Beyond awareness of the issues and scope of systems involved,
the phases of activities in progress include: an assessment of specific
underlying computer systems, programs and/or hardware; remediation or
replacement of Year 2000 non-compliant technology; validation and testing of
technologically compliant Year 2000 solutions; and implementation of the Year
2000 compliant systems. The table below provides the status and timing of such
phased activities.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Targeted
                         Impacted Systems                                  Status           Implementation
                         ----------------                                  ------           --------------
 <C>                                                               <S>                      <C>
 Internet-based trust services sold to customers.................. Digital certificates
                                                                    tested and available
                                                                    for customer trial,
                                                                    other products in
                                                                    testing                   Completed
 Non-information technology systems and services.................. Systems upgraded or
                                                                    replaced as
                                                                    appropriate, testing
                                                                    and implementation
                                                                    completed                 Completed
 Hardware and software systems used to deliver services........... Assessment completed,
                                                                    remediation underway,
                                                                    conducting validation
                                                                    and testing                 Q1 1999
 Communication networks used to provide services.................. Assessment completed,
                                                                    conducting validation
                                                                    and testing                 Q1 1999
 Operability with internal systems of customers and suppliers..... Assessment completed,
                                                                    conducting validation
                                                                    and testing                 Q1 1999
 Hardware and software systems used to manage VeriSign's business. Assessment completed,
                                                                    remediation underway,
                                                                    conducting validation
                                                                    and testing                 Q1 1999
</TABLE>
 
  As a trusted third-party certificate authority providing, among other
services, digital certificates and related life cycle services, we depend on
the hardware and software products from third parties used to deliver such
Internet-based trust services. Inoperability of such products due to Year 2000
issues could harm our business. We have completed our assessment of the
underlying systems and hardware. Certain components have been replaced and we
are conducting validation and testing.
 
 Costs to Address Year 2000 Issues
 
  We expect that costs directly related to Year 2000 issues will not exceed
approximately $500,000 for both costs incurred to date and future costs,
including cases where non-compliant information technology systems have been or
need to be replaced. We would have incurred the replacement cost of non-
information technology systems regardless of the Year 2000 issue due to
technology obsolescence and/or our growth. We have and will continue to expense
all costs arising from Year 2000 issues, funding them from working capital.
 
  We do not believe that future expenditures to upgrade internal systems and
applications will materially harm our business. In addition, while we do not
know the potential costs of redeployment of personnel and any delays in
implementing other projects, we anticipate the costs to be immaterial and we
expect minimal adverse impact to the business.
 
 Risks of the Year 2000 Issues
 
  We believe our digital certificates and Internet-based trust services are
Year 2000 compliant; however, success of our Year 2000 compliance efforts may
depend on the success of our customers in dealing with Year 2000 issues. We
sell our Internet-based trust services to companies in a variety of industries
each with different issues and Year 2000 compliance challenges. Customer
difficulties with Year 2000 issues could interfere with the use of Year 2000
compliant digital certificates which might require us to devote additional
resources to resolve underlying problems. If problems exists within our digital
certificate technology as it relates to customers' management systems and
applications, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially harmed. This risk is minimized by our current offering of Year
2000 compliant test digital certificates which can validate the Year 2000
operation of customer applications and systems. However, there is no method to
determine which customers will validate their applications and systems for Year
2000 compliance with our technology.
 
                                       30
<PAGE>
 
  Furthermore, the purchasing patterns of these customers or potential
customers may be affected by Year 2000 issues as companies expend significant
resources to become Year 2000 compliant. The costs of becoming Year 2000
compliant for current or potential customers may result in fewer funds being
available to purchase and implement our Internet-based trust services.
 
 Contingency Plans
 
  With the assistance of an independent consulting firm, we developed a Year
2000 project plan template. Of the template's Year 2000 recommendations, beyond
those already identified through our internal review, no additional work was
required. We have not yet developed a contingency plan for handling Year 2000
problems that are not detected and corrected prior to their occurrence.
However, we have a comprehensive business resumption plan in the event of a
failure of our digital certificate services delivered from our secure data
centers. Upon completion of testing and implementation activities, we will be
able to assess additional areas requiring contingency planning and we expect to
institute appropriate contingency planning at that time. Any failure to address
any unforeseen Year 2000 issue could harm our business.
 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1998    1997   Change
                                                         ------- ------- ------
                                                         (Dollars in thousands)
   <S>                                                   <C>     <C>     <C>
   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.... $41,745 $12,893  224%
   Working capital...................................... $31,085 $ 6,160  405%
   Stockholders' equity................................. $40,728 $13,541  201%
</TABLE>
 
  Prior to our initial public offering, we financed our operations primarily
through private sales of equity securities, raising approximately $46.1
million. Our initial public offering, which closed in February 1998, yielded
net proceeds of approximately $43.7 million. In January 1999, we sold an
additional 1,597,500 shares of common stock to the public for net proceeds of
approximately $121.5 million. At December 31, 1998, our principal source of
liquidity was $41.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments, consisting principally of commercial paper, medium term notes,
corporate bonds and notes, market auction securities and money market funds. We
also have an equipment loan agreement under which we may borrow up to $3.0
million for purchases of equipment. This equipment loan agreement expires on
March 31, 1999. Any amounts borrowed under this equipment loan agreement would
bear interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum and would be secured by the
equipment purchased with the loan proceeds. In the event that we borrow under
this loan agreement, we would be obligated to issue to the lender a warrant to
purchase 17,500 shares of our common stock. We have no current plans to borrow
any amounts under this loan agreement.
 
  We have had significant negative cash flows from operating activities in each
period to date. Net cash used in operating activities was $11.8 million in
1998, $12.8 million in 1997 and $6.0 million in 1996. Net cash used in
operating activities in each of these periods was primarily the result of net
losses and increases in accounts receivable. These amounts were partially
offset in all periods by non-cash charges and increases in accounts payable,
accrued liabilities and deferred revenue.
 
  Net cash used in investing activities was $16.0 million in 1998, $15.3
million in 1997 and $4.4 million in 1996. Net cash used in investing activities
in these periods was primarily the result of capital expenditures for computer
and communications equipment, purchased software, office equipment, furniture,
fixtures and leasehold improvements. In addition, cash used in investing
activities included net purchases of short-term investments of $11.0 million in
1998 and $8.0 million in 1997. Capital expenditures for property and equipment
totaled $4.4 million in 1998, $6.8 million in 1997 and $4.2 million in 1996.
Our planned capital expenditures for 1999 are approximately $5 million to $7
million, primarily for computer and communications equipment and leasehold
improvements. As of December 31, 1998, we also had commitments under
noncancelable operating leases for our facilities for various terms through
2005. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       31
<PAGE>
 
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $45.7 million in 1998, $3.1
million in 1997 and $37.8 million in 1996. In 1998, net cash provided by
financing activities included $43.7 million from our initial public offering.
In 1996, cash was provided primarily from net proceeds from the sale of
preferred stock. In addition, net cash provided by financing activities of
VeriSign Japan was $4.2 million in 1996 and $2.5 million in 1997, resulting
from the sale of capital stock to minority investors and from the proceeds of
bank borrowings.
 
  We believe that the net proceeds from our 1999 offering, together with
existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, will be sufficient
to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the
foreseeable future. However, at some time, we may need to raise additional
funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other
arrangements. Such additional funding, if needed, might not be available on
terms attractive to us, or at all. If we have to enter into strategic
relationships to raise additional funds we might be required to relinquish
rights to certain of our technologies. Our failure to raise capital when needed
could materially harm our business. If additional funds are raised through the
issuance of equity securities, the percentage of our stock owned by our then-
current stockholders would be reduced. Furthermore, such equity securities
might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common
stock.
 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 
  In March 1998, the AICPA issued SOP No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of
Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use." SOP No. 98-1
requires entities to capitalize certain costs related to internal-use software
once certain criteria have been met. We expect that the adoption of SOP No. 98-
1 will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. We will be required to implement SOP No. 98-1 for the
year ending December 31, 1999.
 
  In April 1998, the AICPA issued SOP No. 98-5, "Reporting on the Costs of
Start-Up Activities." SOP No. 98-5 requires that all start-up costs related to
new operations must be expensed as incurred. In addition, all start-up costs
that were capitalized in the past must be written off when SOP No. 98-5 is
adopted. We expect that the adoption of SOP No. 98-5 will not have a material
impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We will
be required to implement SOP No. 98-5 for the year ending December 31, 1999.
 
  In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 133
establishes methods for derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
related to those instruments, as well as other hedging activities. Because we
do not currently hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in hedging
activities, we expect that the adoption of SFAS No. 133 will not have a
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
We will be required to implement SFAS No 133 for the year ending December 31,
2000.
 
  In December 1998, the AICPA issued SOP No. 98-9, "Modification of SOP 97-2,
Software Revenue Recognition, with Respect to Certain Transactions." SOP No.
98-9 requires recognition of revenue using the "residual method" in a multiple-
element software arrangement when fair value does not exist for one or more of
the delivered elements in the arrangement. Under the "residual method," the
total fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and recognized in
accordance with SOP No. 97-2. We will be required to implement SOP No. 98-9 for
the year ending December 31, 2000. SOP No. 98-9 also extends the deferral of
the application of SOP No. 97-2 to certain other multiple-element software
arrangements through our year ending December 31, 1999. We are evaluating the
provisions of SOP No. 98-9 and we have not yet determined what impact, if any,
SOP No. 98-9 will have on our financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.
 
                                       32
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
 
Interest rate sensitivity
 
  The primary objective of VeriSign's investment activities is to preserve
principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our
investments without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that
we have invested in may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in
prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to
fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed
interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate
later rises, the principal amount of our investment will probably decline. To
minimize this risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and short-
term investments in a variety of securities, including commercial paper,
medium-term notes, corporate bonds and notes, market auction securities and
money market funds. In general, money market funds are not subject to market
risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing
interest rate. In addition, we invest in relatively short-term securities. As
of December 31, 1998, all of our investments mature in less than one year. See
Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
  The following table presents the amounts of our cash equivalents and short-
term investments that are subject to market risk by range of expected maturity
and weighted-average interest rates as of December 31, 1998. This table does
not include money market funds because such funds are not subject to market
risk.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Maturing in
                                         ---------------------
                                                    Six Months
                                         Six Months     to              Fair
                                          or Less    One Year   Total   Value
                                         ---------- ---------- ------- -------
   <S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>     <C>
   Included in cash and cash
    equivalents.........................  $14,573         NA   $14,573 $14,573
   Weighted-average interest rate.......     5.43%
   Included in short-term investments...  $13,888     $5,071   $18,959 $18,959
   Weighted-average interest rates......     5.38%      5.15%
</TABLE>
 
Exchange rate sensitivity
 
  VeriSign considers its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations to be minimal. Our recently established subsidiary in Sweden has
not had significant operations to date. All revenues derived from our European
affiliates are denominated in U.S. dollars and, therefore, are not subject to
exchange rate fluctuations.
 
  Both the revenues and expenses of our majority-owned subsidiary in Japan are
denominated in Japanese yen. This serves as a natural hedge because although an
unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the Japanese yen against the U.S.
dollar will result in lower revenues when translated to U.S. dollars, operating
expenses will also be lower in these circumstances.
 
  Because of our minimal exposure to foreign currencies, we have not engaged in
any hedging transactions to date.
 
                                       33
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
 
Financial Statements
 
  VeriSign's financial statements required by this item are submitted as a
separate section of this Form 10-K. See Item 14.(a)1. for a listing of
financial statements provided in the section titled "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS."
 
Supplemental Data
 
  The following tables set forth quarterly supplementary data for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 1998 and reflect VeriSign's
results as restated to reflect our acquisition of SecureIT, Inc. in 1998, which
was accounted for as a pooling of interests. See Note 2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1998
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                            Quarter Ended
                                   -----------------------------------    Year
                                                       Sept.             Ended
                                   March 31  June 30    30     Dec. 31  Dec. 31
                                   --------  -------  -------  -------  --------
                                     (In thousands, except per share data)
   <S>                             <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
   Revenues......................  $ 6,662   $ 8,552  $10,505  $13,211  $ 38,930
   Total costs and expenses......   12,146    14,322   19,087   16,520    62,075
   Operating loss................   (5,484)   (5,770)  (8,582)  (3,309)  (23,145)
   Minority interest in net loss
    of subsidiary................      389       324      237      332     1,282
   Net loss......................   (4,703)   (4,789)  (7,717)  (2,534)  (19,743)
   Basic and diluted net loss per
    share........................     (.27)     (.22)    (.34)    (.11)     (.95)
<CAPTION>
                                                     1997
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                            Quarter Ended
                                   -----------------------------------    Year
                                                       Sept.             Ended
                                   March 31  June 30    30     Dec. 31  Dec. 31
                                   --------  -------  -------  -------  --------
                                     (In thousands, except per share data)
   <S>                             <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
   Revenues......................  $ 1,590   $ 2,931  $ 3,839  $ 4,996  $ 13,356
   Total costs and expenses......    5,910     7,088    9,696   11,963    34,657
   Operating loss................   (4,320)   (4,157)  (5,857)  (6,967)  (21,301)
   Minority interest in net loss
    of subsidiary................      305       482      407      344     1,538
   Net loss......................   (3,546)   (3,508)  (5,214)  (6,321)  (18,589)
   Basic and diluted net loss per
    share........................     (.53)     (.51)    (.64)    (.82)    (2.61)
</TABLE>
 
  Our quarterly operating results have varied and may fluctuate significantly
in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside
our control. These factors include the following:
 
  . continued market acceptance of our Internet-based trust services;
 
  . the long sales and implementation cycles for, and potentially large order
    sizes of, certain of our Internet-based trust services;
 
  . the timing and execution of individual contracts;
 
  . customer renewal rates for our Internet-based trust services;
 
  . the timing of releases of new versions of Internet browsers or other
    third-party software products and networking equipment which include our
    digital certificate service interface technology;
 
  . the mix of our services sold during a quarter;
 
  . our success in marketing other Internet-based trust services to our
    existing customers and to new customers;
 
                                       34
<PAGE>
 
  . continued development of our direct and indirect distribution channels,
    both in the U.S. and abroad;
 
  . market acceptance of our Internet-based trust services or our competitors'
    products and services;
 
  . our ability to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate a
    substantial number of sales and marketing, research and development and
    technical support personnel;
 
  . our ability to expand our operations;
 
  . our success in assimilating the operations and personnel of SecureIT and
    any other acquired businesses;
 
  . the amount and timing of expenditures related to expansion of our
    operations;
 
  . the impact of price changes in our Internet-based trust services or our
    competitors' products and services; and
 
  . general global economic conditions and economic conditions specific to IP
    network industries.
 
  Our limited operating history and the emerging nature of our market make it
difficult to predict future revenues. Our expenses are based, in part, on our
expectations regarding future revenues, and are largely fixed in nature,
particularly in the short term. We may be unable to predict our future revenues
accurately or to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any
unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall of
revenues in relation to our expectations could cause significant declines in
our quarterly operating results.
 
  Due to all of the foregoing factors, our quarterly revenues and operating
results are difficult to forecast. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of our operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and
you should not rely upon them as an indication of our future performance. Also,
it is likely that our operating results will fall below our expectations and
the expectations of securities analysts or investors in some future quarter. In
such event, the market price of our common stock could be materially adversely
affected.
 
  In January 1998, VeriSign completed the initial public offering of its common
stock. The managing underwriters in the offering were Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated, Hambrecht & Quist LLC and Wessels, Arnold & Henderson L.L.C. We
realized net proceeds from the offering of approximately $43.7 million after
deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses of the
offering. During the year ended December 31, 1998, we used approximately $11.6
million of the net proceeds from the offering to fund operating expenses, the
transaction charges related to the acquisition of SecureIT and increase working
capital and $4.4 million to purchase and install computers and peripheral
equipment. The remaining $27.7 million has been invested in short-term,
interest-bearing, investment grade securities.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
  There were no disagreements on any matter of accounting principles, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure to be reported under this
item.
 
                                       35
<PAGE>
 
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant" appearing in the
definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 27, 1999. Such information
is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Executive Compensation" appearing in the definitive Proxy Statement to be
delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held on May 27, 1999. Such information is incorporated herein by
reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" appearing in
the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection
with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 27, 1999. Such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
  Information with respect to this item may be found in the section captioned
"Certain Transactions" appearing in the definitive Proxy Statement to be
delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held May 27, 1999. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
                                       36
<PAGE>
 
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report
 
  1. Financial statements
 
      .Management's Report
 
      .Independent Auditors' Report
 
      .Consolidated Balance Sheets
              As of December 31, 1998 and 1997
 
      .Consolidated Statements of Operations
              For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
      .Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
              For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
      .Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
              For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
      .Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
  2. Financial statement schedule
 
      . Financial statement schedules are omitted because the information
        called for is not required or is shown in either in the
        consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.
 
  3. Exhibits
 
      (a) Index to Exhibits
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Incorporated by
                                                        Reference
 Exhibit                                           -------------------  Filed
 Number            Exhibit Description             Form  Date   Number Herewith
 ------- ---------------------------------------   ---- ------- ------ --------
 <C>     <S>                                       <C>  <C>     <C>    <C>
  2.01   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
         dated as of July 6, 1998 by and between
         the Registrant, VeriSign Merger Corp.,
         SecureIT and the shareholders of
         SecureIT                                  8-K   7/6/98  2.01
  3.02   Third Amended and Restated Certificate
         of Incorporation of the Registrant        S-1  1/29/98  3.02
  3.04   Amended and Restated Bylaws of the
         Registrant                                S-1  1/29/98  3.04
  4.01   Investors' Rights Agreement, dated
         November 15, 1996, among the Registrant
         and the parties indicated therein         S-1  1/29/98 4.01
  4.04   First Amendment to Amended and Restated
         Investors' Rights Agreement dated as of
         July 7, 1998 by and between the
         Registrant and certain stockholders of
         the Registrant                            8-K   7/6/98  4.01
  4.05   Registration Rights Agreement dated as
         of July 6, 1998 by and between the
         Registrant and the former shareholders
         of SecureIT                               S-8   7/7/98  4.09
  10.05  Form of Indemnification Agreement
         entered into by the Registrant with
         each of its directors and executive
         officers                                  S-1  1/29/98 10.05
  10.06  Registrant's 1995 Stock Option Plan and
         related documents                         S-1  1/29/98 10.06
  10.07  Registrant's 1997 Stock Option Plan       S-1  1/29/98 10.07
  10.08  Registrant's 1998 Directors' Stock
         Option Plan and related documents         S-1  1/29/98 10.08
</TABLE>
 
                                       37
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Incorporated by
                                                        Reference
 Exhibit                                           -------------------  Filed
 Number            Exhibit Description             Form  Date   Number Herewith
 ------- ---------------------------------------   ---- ------- ------ --------
 <C>     <S>                                       <C>  <C>     <C>    <C>
  10.09  Registrant's 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
         and related documents                     S-1  1/29/98 10.09
  10.10  Registrant's 1998 Employee Stock
         Purchase Plan and related documents       S-1  1/29/98 10.10
  10.11  Registrant's Executive Loan Program of
         1996                                      S-1  1/29/98 10.11
  10.14  Form of Full Recourse Secured
         Promissory Note and Form of Pledge and
         Security Agreement entered into between
         the Registrant and certain executive
         officers                                  S-1  1/29/98 10.14
  10.15  Assignment Agreement, dated April 19,
         1995 between the Registrant and RSA
         Data Security, Inc.                       S-1  1/29/98 10.15
  10.16  BSAFE/TIPEM OEM Master License
         Agreement, dated April 18, 1995,
         between the Registrant and RSA Data
         Security, Inc., as amended                S-1  1/29/98 10.16
  10.17  Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation
         Agreement, dated April 18, 1995,
         between the Registrant and RSA
         Security, Inc.                            S-1  1/29/98 10.17
  10.18  Microsoft/VeriSign Certificate
         Technology Preferred Provider
         Agreement, effective as of May 1, 1997,
         between the Registrant and Microsoft
         Corporation                               S-1  1/29/98 10.18
  10.19  Master Development and License
         Agreement, dated September 30, 1997,
         between the Registrant and Security
         Dynamics Technologies, Inc.               S-1  1/29/98 10.19
  10.20  License Agreement, dated December 16,
         1996, between the Registrant and
         VeriSign Japan K.K.                       S-1  1/29/98 10.20
  10.21  Loan Agreement, dated January 30, 1997,
         between the Registrant and Venture
         Lending & Leasing, Inc.                   S-1  1/29/98 10.21
  10.22  Security Agreement, dated January 30,
         1997, between the Registrant and
         Venture Lending & Leasing, Inc.           S-1  1/29/98 10.22
  10.23  VeriSign Private Label Agreement, dated
         April 2, 1996, between the Registrant
         and VISA International Service
         Association                               S-1  1/29/98 10.23
  10.24  VeriSign Private Label Agreement dated
         October 3, 1996, between the Registrant
         and VISA International Service
         Association                               S-1  1/29/98 10.24
  10.25  Lease Agreement, dated August 15, 1996,
         between the Registrant and Shoreline
         Investments VII                           S-1  1/29/98 10.25
  10.26  Lease Agreement, dated September 18,
         1996, between the Registrant and Shore
         line Investments VII                      S-1  1/29/98 10.26
  10.27  Sublease Agreement, dated September 5,
         1996, between the Registrant and
         Security Dynamics Technologies, Inc.      S-1  1/29/98 10.27
  10.28  Employment Offer Letter Agreement,
         between the Registrant and Stratton
         Sclavos, dated June 12, 1995, as
         amended October 4, 1995                   S-1  1/29/98 10.28
</TABLE>
 
                                       38
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Incorporated by
                                                        Reference
 Exhibit                                            ------------------  Filed
 Number             Exhibit Description             Form  Date  Number Herewith
 ------- ----------------------------------------   ---- ------ ------ --------
 <C>     <S>                                        <C>  <C>    <C>    <C>
  10.29  Employment and NonCompetition Agreement
         between SecureIT and Jagtar Chaudhry       S-1  1/5/99 10.29
  10.30  Amendment Number One to Master
         Development and License Agreement dated
         as of December 31, 1998 between the
         Registrant and Security Dynamics
         Technologies, Inc.                         S-1  1/5/99 10.30
  10.31  Amendment Number Two to BSAFE/TIPEM OEM
         Master License Agreement dated as of
         December 31, 1998 between the Registrant
         and RSA Data Security, Inc.                S-1  1/5/99 10.31
  10.32  Sublease dated as of September 25, 1998
         between the Registrant and Silicon
         Graphics, Inc.                             S-1  1/5/99 10.32
  21.01  Subsidiaries of the Registrant                                    X
  23.01  Consent of KPMG LLP                                               X
  27.01  Financial Data Schedule (in EDGAR
         version only)                                                     X
</TABLE>
 
- --------
* Confidential treatment was received with respect to certain portions of this
 agreement. Such portions were omitted and filed separately with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission.
 
 (b) Reports on Form 8-K
 
 No reports on Form 8-K were filed in the quarter ended December 31, 1998.
 
 
                                       39
<PAGE>
 
                                   SIGNATURES
 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Mountain View, State of
California, on the 19th day of February, 1999.
 
                                          VERISIGN, INC.
 
                                          By  /s/ Stratton D. Sclavos
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Stratton D. Sclavos,
                                              President and Chief Executive
                                              Officer
 
  KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Stratton D. Sclavos, Dana L. Evan and
Timothy Tomlinson, and each of them, his or her true lawful attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granted unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to
all intends and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of
them, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof.
 
  In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 19th day of February, 1999.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Signature                                       Title
             ---------                                       -----
 
<S>                                  <C>
    /s/ Stratton D. Sclavos          President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
____________________________________
        Stratton D. Sclavos
 
          /s/ Dana L. Evan           Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief
____________________________________ Financial Officer
            Dana L. Evan
 
        /s/ D. James Bidzos          Chairman of the Board
____________________________________
          D. James Bidzos
 
       /s/ William Chenevich         Director
____________________________________
         William Chenevich
 
        /s/ Kevin R. Compton         Director
____________________________________
          Kevin R. Compton
 
         /s/ David J. Cowan          Director
____________________________________
           David J. Cowan
 
       /s/ Timothy Tomlinson         Director and Secretary
____________________________________
         Timothy Tomlinson
 
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       40
<PAGE>
 
                             SUMMARY OF TRADEMARKS
 
  The following trademarks and service marks of VeriSign, Inc., which may be
registered in certain jurisdictions, may be referenced in this Form 10-K:
 
Trademarks
 
  SecureITTM
  VeriSign Logo
  VeriSign is a registered trademark exclusively licensed to VeriSign, Inc.
 
Service Marks
 
  VeriSign OnSiteSM
  VeriSign Trust NetworkSM
  WorldTrustSM
 
  All other brand or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of
their respective holders.
 
                                       41
<PAGE>
 
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
  As required under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, the
consolidated financial statements of the Company are provided in this separate
section. The consolidated financial statements included in this section are as
follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Financial Statement Description                      Page
                       -------------------------------                      ----
   <S>                                                                      <C>
   Management's Report.....................................................  43
   Independent Auditors' Report............................................  44
   Consolidated Balance Sheets.............................................  45
   As of December 31, 1998 and 1997
   Consolidated Statements of Operations...................................  46
   For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity.........................  47
   For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows...................................  49
   For the Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..............................  50
</TABLE>
 
                                       42
<PAGE>
 
                              MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
 
  VeriSign's management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and
objectivity of the consolidated financial statements and other financial
information presented in this report. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles and reflect the effects of certain estimates and judgments made by
management.
 
  VeriSign's management maintains an effective system of internal control that
is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and
transactions are properly recorded and executed in accordance with management's
authorization. The system is continuously monitored by direct management
review. VeriSign selects and trains qualified people who are provided with and
expected to adhere to our standards of business conduct. These standards, which
set forth the highest principles of business ethics and conduct, are a key
element of our control system.
 
  VeriSign's consolidated financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP,
independent auditors. Their audits were conducted in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards, and included a review of financial controls and
tests of accounting records and procedures as they considered necessary in the
circumstances.
 
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of outside
directors, meets regularly with management and the independent auditors to
review accounting, reporting, auditing and internal control matters. The
committee has direct and private access to both internal and external auditors.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                               <C>
/s/ Stratton D. Sclavos           /s/ Dana L. Evan
- -----------------------           ------------------
Stratton D. Sclavos               Dana L. Evan,
President and                     Vice President of Finance
Chief Executive Officer           and Administration and
                                  Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>
 
January 15, 1999
 
                                       43
<PAGE>
 
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of VeriSign, Inc.:
 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of VeriSign,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1998. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.
 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
 
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of VeriSign,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 1998, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.
 
                                          KPMG LLP
 
Mountain View, California
January 15, 1999
 
                                       44
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (In thousands, except share data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              December 31,
                                                            ------------------
                                                              1998      1997
                                                            --------  --------
                          Assets
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents................................ $ 22,786  $  4,942
  Short-term investments...................................   18,959     7,951
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $517 and $286, respectively.................    9,769     3,390
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets................    2,174       994
                                                            --------  --------
    Total current assets...................................   53,688    17,277
Property and equipment, net................................    9,234     8,756
Other assets, net..........................................    1,373       871
                                                            --------  --------
                                                            $ 64,295  $ 26,904
                                                            ========  ========
<CAPTION>
           Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable......................................... $  5,472  $  3,504
  Accrued liabilities......................................    4,035     2,346
  Deferred revenue.........................................   13,096     5,267
                                                            --------  --------
    Total current liabilities..............................   22,603    11,117
                                                            --------  --------
Minority interest in subsidiary............................      964     2,246
                                                            --------  --------
Commitments
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares
   authorized; none issued.................................      --        --
  Convertible preferred stock, $.001 par value;
   10,282,883 shares authorized in 1997;
   10,031,006 shares issued and outstanding in 1997........      --         10
  Common stock, $.001 par value;
   50,000,000 and 21,592,117 shares authorized,
   respectively;
   23,086,692 and 8,786,426 shares issued and outstanding,
   respectively............................................       23         9
  Additional paid-in capital...............................   92,797    45,417
  Notes receivable from stockholders.......................     (409)     (644)
  Deferred compensation....................................     (276)     (380)
  Accumulated deficit......................................  (51,407)  (30,871)
                                                            --------  --------
    Total stockholders' equity.............................   40,728    13,541
                                                            --------  --------
                                                            $ 64,295  $ 26,904
                                                            ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       45
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
 
                     (In thousands, except per share data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                    1998      1997      1996
                                                  --------  --------  --------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>       <C>
Revenues......................................... $ 38,930  $ 13,356  $  1,356
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues...............................   19,454     9,689     2,791
  Sales and marketing............................   22,943    11,826     4,885
  Research and development.......................    8,435     5,303     2,058
  General and administrative.....................    7,688     5,039     2,681
  Special charges................................    3,555     2,800       --
                                                  --------  --------  --------
    Total costs and expenses.....................   62,075    34,657    12,415
                                                  --------  --------  --------
  Operating loss.................................  (23,145)  (21,301)  (11,059)
Other income (expense)...........................    2,120     1,174       (67)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
  Loss before minority interest..................  (21,025)  (20,127)  (11,126)
Minority interest in net loss of subsidiary......    1,282     1,538       838
                                                  --------  --------  --------
  Net loss....................................... $(19,743) $(18,589) $(10,288)
                                                  ========  ========  ========
Basic and diluted net loss per share............. $   (.95) $  (2.61) $  (2.07)
                                                  ========  ========  ========
Shares used in per share computation.............   20,873     7,121     4,960
                                                  ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
 
 
          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       46
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
                       (In thousands, except share data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Convertible                                    Notes
                        Preferred Stock    Common Stock    Additional  Receivable                               Total
                       ----------------- -----------------  Paid-in       from       Deferred   Accumulated Stockholders'
                         Shares   Amount  Shares    Amount  Capital   Stockholders Compensation   Deficit      Equity
                       ---------- ------ ---------  ------ ---------- ------------ ------------ ----------- -------------
<S>                    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
Balances as of
 December 31, 1995...   4,306,883  $ 4   4,692,833   $ 5    $ 5,361      $ --         $ --       $ (1,994)    $  3,376
Issuance of Series B
 convertible
 preferred stock.....   2,099,123    2         --    --       5,141        --           --            --         5,143
Issuance of Series C
 convertible
 preferred stock.....   3,625,000    4         --    --      28,192        --           --            --        28,196
Exercise of common
 stock options.......         --   --    1,637,375     2        559       (543)         --            --            18
Issuance of common
 stock...............         --   --    1,529,754     1         11        --           --            --            12
Issuance of capital
 stock by subsidiary
 to minority
 interest............         --   --          --    --       2,063        --           --            --         2,063
Net loss.............         --   --          --    --         --         --           --        (10,288)     (10,288)
                       ----------  ---   ---------   ---    -------      -----        -----      --------     --------
Balances as of
 December 31, 1996...  10,031,006   10   7,859,962     8     41,327       (543)          --       (12,282)      28,520
Deferred compensation
 related to common
 stock options, net
 of amortization of
 $34.................         --   --          --    --         414        --          (380)          --            34
Exercise of common
 stock options and
 advance to
 stockholder.........         --   --      532,781     1        244       (116)         --            --           129
Issuance of common
 stock...............         --   --      121,808   --         642        --           --            --           642
Issuance of common
 stock for litigation
 settlement..........         --   --      250,000   --       2,000        --           --            --         2,000
Issuance of common
 stock for preferred
 provider agreement..         --   --      100,000   --         800        --           --            --           800
Repurchase of common
 stock...............         --   --      (78,125)  --         (10)        10          --            --           --
Payments on notes
 receivable from
 stockholders........         --   --          --    --         --           5          --            --             5
Net loss.............         --   --          --    --         --         --           --        (18,589)     (18,589)
                       ----------  ---   ---------   ---    -------      -----        -----      --------     --------
Balances as of
 December 31, 1997...  10,031,006   10   8,786,426     9     45,417       (644)        (380)      (30,871)      13,541
</TABLE>
 
                                                                     (Continued)
 
          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       47
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY--(Continued)
 
                       (In thousands, except share data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Convertible                                      Notes
                     Preferred Stock      Common Stock    Additional  Receivable                               Total
                    ------------------- -----------------  Paid-in       from       Deferred   Accumulated Stockholders'
                      Shares     Amount   Shares   Amount  Capital   Stockholders Compensation   Deficit      Equity
                    -----------  ------ ---------- ------ ---------- ------------ ------------ ----------- -------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
Balances as of
 December 31,
 1997.............   10,031,006   $ 10   8,786,426  $ 9    $45,417      $(644)       $(380)     $(30,871)    $ 13,541
Amortization of
 deferred
 compensation
 related to common
 stock options....          --     --          --   --         --         --           104           --           104
Compensation
 charge related to
 acceleration of
 performance-based
 stock options....          --     --          --   --       1,176        --           --            --         1,176
Exercise of common
 stock options....          --     --      740,635  --       1,702        --           --            --         1,702
Issuance of common
 stock............          --     --       20,400  --          70        --           --            --            70
Issuance of common
 stock for initial
 public offering,
 net of expenses
 of $4,561........          --     --    3,450,000    4     43,739        --           --            --        43,743
Issuance of common
 stock under
 employee stock
 purchase plan....          --     --       58,225  --         693        --           --            --           693
Conversion of
 preferred stock
 to common stock..  (10,031,006)   (10) 10,031,006   10        --         --           --            --           --
Subchapter S
 distributions of
 SecureIT, Inc....          --     --          --   --         --          --          --           (793)        (793)
Payments on notes
 receivable from
 stockholders.....          --     --          --   --         --         235          --            --           235
Net loss..........          --     --          --   --         --         --           --        (19,743)     (19,743)
                    -----------   ----  ----------  ---    -------      -----        -----      --------     --------
Balances as of
 December 31,
 1998.............          --    $--   23,086,692  $23    $92,797      $(409)       $(276)     $(51,407)    $ 40,728
                    ===========   ====  ==========  ===    =======      =====        =====      ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
 
          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       48
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 
                                 (In thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                    1998      1997      1996
                                                  --------  --------  --------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>       <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss....................................... $(19,743) $(18,589) $(10,288)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
   provided
   by operating activities:
    Special charges..............................      --      2,800       --
    Depreciation and amortization................    3,946     2,621       559
    Minority interest in net loss of subsidiary..   (1,282)   (1,538)     (838)
    Stock-based compensation.....................    1,280        34       --
    Loss on disposal of property and equipment...       42        63       --
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable........................   (6,379)   (2,628)     (567)
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets..   (1,180)     (208)     (708)
      Accounts payable...........................    1,968     1,036     2,054
      Accrued liabilities........................    1,689       250     1,880
      Deferred revenue...........................    7,829     3,323     1,898
                                                  --------  --------  --------
        Net cash used in operating activities....  (11,830)  (12,836)   (6,010)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of short-term investments............  (63,383)  (11,209)      --
  Maturities and sales of short-term investments.   52,375     3,258       --
  Purchases of property and equipment............   (4,413)   (6,823)   (4,168)
  Other assets...................................     (555)     (505)     (281)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
        Net cash used for investing activities...  (15,976)  (15,279)   (4,449)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from bank borrowings..................      --      2,420       258
  Repayment of bank borrowings...................      --     (2,678)      --
  Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred
   stock.........................................      --        --     33,339
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of
   repurchases...................................   46,208       771        30
  Collections on notes receivable from
   stockholders..................................      235         5       --
  Subchapter S distributions by SecureIT, Inc....     (793)      --        --
  Issuance of capital stock by subsidiary to
   minority interest.............................      --      2,533     4,151
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net cash provided by financing activities........   45,650     3,051    37,778
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents.....................................   17,844   (25,064)   27,319
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year...    4,942    30,006     2,687
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year......... $ 22,786  $  4,942  $ 30,006
                                                  ========  ========  ========
Noncash investing and financing activities:
  Issuance of notes receivable collateralized by
   common stock.................................. $    --   $    116  $    543
                                                  ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
          See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       49
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
 
(1) Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 
  VeriSign, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated in Delaware in April 1995
when RSA Data Security, Inc. ("RSA") contributed equipment, other assets and
technology for common stock. This transfer of nonmonetary assets was recorded
at the founder's historical cost basis. The Company provides Internet-based
trust services needed by websites, enterprises and individuals to conduct
trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications over the Internet,
intranets and extranets ("IP Networks"). The Company provides both public and
private certificate authority services to organizations needing digital
certificates for website authentication, intranet and extranet access control,
electronic commerce services and virtual private network connections.
 
 Consolidation
 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and its subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany accounts and
transactions. As of December 31, 1998, the Company owned approximately 50.5% of
the outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiary, VeriSign Japan K.K.
The Company accounts for changes in its proportionate share of the net assets
of VeriSign Japan resulting from sales of capital stock by the subsidiary as
equity transactions.
 
 Foreign Currency Translation
 
  The functional currency for the Company's international subsidiaries is the
U.S. dollar; however, the subsidiaries books of record are maintained in local
currency. As a result, the subsidiaries' financial statements are remeasured
into U.S. dollars using a combination of current and historical exchange rates
and any transaction gains and losses are included in net loss.
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments
 
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three
months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents include money market funds, commercial paper, market auction
securities and various deposit accounts.
 
  Investments held by the Company are classified as "available-for-sale" and
are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Such investments
consist of commercial paper, medium term notes and corporate bonds and notes
with original maturities beyond 3 months and less than 12 months. Unrealized
gains and losses as of December 31, 1998 and 1997 and realized gains and losses
for the periods presented were not material.
 
 Property and Equipment
 
  Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years.
 
 Revenue Recognition
 
  Revenues from the sale or renewal of digital certificates are deferred and
recognized ratably over the life of the digital certificate, generally 12
months. Revenues from the sale of digital certificate software modules to
distributors and affiliates are recognized upon delivery of the software and
signing of an agreement, provided the fee is fixed and determinable,
collectibility is probable and the arrangement does not require significant
 
                                       50
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
production, modification or customization of the software. Revenues from
consulting and training services are recognized using the percentage-of-
completion method, based on the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated
costs for fixed-fee development arrangements or as the services are provided
for time-and-materials arrangements. Revenues are recognized ratably over the
term of the agreement for support and maintenance services. To the extent costs
incurred and anticipated costs to complete fixed-fee contracts in progress
exceed anticipated billings, a loss is accrued for the excess. To date, the
Company has not experienced such losses. Deferred revenue principally consists
of payments for unexpired digital certificates.
 
  For software transactions entered into after January 1, 1998, the Company
adopted the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' ("AICPA")
Statement of Position ("SOP") No. 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition." SOP No.
97-2 generally requires revenue earned on software arrangements involving
multiple elements to be allocated to each element based on its relative fair
value. The fair value of the element must be based on objective evidence that
is specific to the vendor. If a vendor does not have objective evidence of the
fair value of all elements in a multiple-element arrangement, all revenue from
the arrangement must be deferred until such evidence exists or until all
elements have been delivered. The adoption of SOP No. 97-2 did not have a
material effect on the Company's operating results.
 
 Research and Development Costs
 
  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred
subsequent to establishing technological feasibility, in the form of a working
model, are capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful lives. To
date, software development costs incurred after technological feasibility has
been established have not been material.
 
 Income Taxes
 
  The Company uses the asset and liability method to account for income taxes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded for
deferred tax assets whose realization is not sufficiently likely.
 
 Stock-Based Compensation
 
  The Company accounts for its equity-based compensation plan using the
intrinsic value method.
 
 Net Loss Per Share
 
  Basic and diluted net loss per share has been computed using the weighted-
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The Company has
excluded all convertible preferred stock and outstanding stock options from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share because such securities would have
been anti-dilutive for all periods presented. For the years ended December 31,
1997 and 1996, 10,031,006 shares of convertible preferred stock were excluded
from the calculation of diluted net loss per share. There were no shares of
convertible preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 1998. For the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996, 4,129,092 shares, 2,592,789 shares and
1,608,075 shares, respectively, related to outstanding stock options were
excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share.
 
 
                                       51
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                       December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 
  The Company has no material components of other comprehensive income (loss).
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk, Related Party Transactions and Significant
Customers
 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents,
short-term investments and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments with high quality financial
institutions and, as part of its cash management process, performs periodic
evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions.
The Company also performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and,
generally, requires no collateral from its customers. The Company maintains an
allowance for potential credit losses, but to date has not experienced
significant write-offs. For the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996,
the Company added approximately $590,000, $387,000 and $22,000, respectively,
to its allowance for doubtful accounts through charges to bad debt expense.
Write-offs of uncollectible amounts totaled $359,000, $136,000 and $17,000 in
these periods, respectively.
 
  The Company provided services to VISA International Services Association
("VISA"), a 3% stockholder of the Company at December 31, 1998, under an
agreement that included development and ongoing operations of a digital
certificate system for VISA's member banks. VISA accounted for approximately
4%, 10% and 21% of the Company's revenues for the years ended December 31,
1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively, and less than 1% and 7% of accounts
receivable as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively.
 
  The Company entered into a development agreement in September 1997 with
Security Dynamics Technologies, Inc. ("Security Dynamics"), the parent company
of RSA, a 16% stockholder of the Company at December 31, 1998, to develop a
customized certificate authority product in order to enable Security Dynamics
to offer a product with encryption and digital certificate authority
functionality. In December 1998, the Company and Security Dynamics amended the
development agreement to grant Security Dynamics an exclusive license to
incorporate the developed technology into original equipment manufacturers'
("OEM") products in order to create products incorporating the technology and
to sublicense the technology to licensees of the OEMs.
 
  The development agreement provides that Security Dynamics pay the Company an
aggregate of $2.7 million as an initial license fee, $900,000 of which was
paid in October 1997, $1.4 million of which was paid during 1998 and the
remainder of which is payable upon the achievement of certain milestones. At
the time of the execution of the amendment in December 1998, Security Dynamics
paid the Company $500,000. Once Security Dynamics has received net revenues of
$2.8 million from OEMs, it will pay the Company a royalty equal to the greater
of 18% of net revenues from the sale to OEMs or 18% of 60% of the current list
price for the product. Security Dynamics will not be obligated to pay any
royalties to the Company with respect to sales to value-added resellers.
 
  In order for Security Dynamics to maintain its exclusivity rights, it must
make certain minimum aggregate annual payments to the Company, which are
payable on a quarterly basis. In addition, the Company will be obligated to
pay Security Dynamics an amount equal to 8% of net revenue recognized the
Company during a VeriSign OnSite customers' first year using VeriSign OnSite
if the customer had previously purchase products from Security Dynamics that
incorporate the developed technology.
 
  Beginning in March 1998, Security Dynamics is required to pay the Company a
monthly product support fee for a three-year period and thereafter for
successive annual terms. For a yearly fee, Security Dynamics can
 
                                      52
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
purchase product maintenance services. During 1998 Security Dynamics paid both
support and maintenance fees aggregating $105,000.
 
  Revenue from the development agreement accounted for approximately 6% and 4%
of the Company's revenues for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997,
respectively.
 
  At December 31, 1998, the Company had one customer, a South African systems
integrator, that accounted for 18% of accounts receivable. The Company had no
other customers that accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable or more
than 10% of revenues for any of the dates or years presented.
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
 
  The Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of property and equipment is measured by
comparison of its carrying amount to future net cash flows the property and
equipment are expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the property and equipment exceeds its fair market
value. To date, no adjustments to the carrying value of the Company's long-
lived assets have been required.
 
 Use of Estimates
 
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 
  In March 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
("AICPA") issued Statement of Position ("SOP") No. 98-1, "Accounting for the
Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use." SOP No. 98-
1 requires that entities capitalize certain costs related to internal-use
software once certain criteria have been met. The Company expects that the
adoption of SOP No. 98-1 will have no material impact on its financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company will be required to
implement SOP No. 98-1 for the year ending December 31, 1999.
 
  In April 1998, the AICPA issued SOP No. 98-5, "Reporting on the Costs of
Start-Up Activities." SOP No. 98-5 requires that all start-up costs related to
new operations must be expenses as incurred. In addition, all start-up costs
that were capitalized in the past must be written off when SOP No. 98-5 is
adopted. The Company expects that the adoption of SOP No. 98-5 will have no
material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
The Company will be required to implement SOP No. 98-5 for the year ending
December 31, 1999.
 
  In June 1998 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 133 established methods of
accounting for derivative financial instruments and hedging activities related
to those instruments as well as other hedging activities. Because the Company
currently holds no derivative
 
                                       53
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
instruments and does not engage in hedging activities, the Company expects that
the adoption of SFAS No. 133 will have no material impact on its financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company will be required to
implement SFAS No. 133 for the year ending December 31, 2000.
 
  In December 1998, the AICPA issued SOP No. 98-9, "Modification of SOP 97-2,
Software Revenue Recognition, with Respect to Certain Transactions." SOP No.
98-9 requires recognition of revenue using the "residual method" in a multiple-
element software arrangement when fair value does not exist for one or more of
the delivered elements in the arrangement. Under the "residual method," the
total fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and recognized in
accordance with SOP No. 97-2. The Company will be required to implement SOP No.
98-9 for the year ending December 31, 2000. SOP No. 98-9 also extends the
deferral of the application of SOP No. 97-2 to certain other multiple-element
software arrangements through the Company's year ending December 31, 1999. The
Company is evaluating the provisions of SOP No. 98-9 and has not yet determined
what impact, if any, SOP No. 98-9 will have on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.
 
(2) Business Combination
 
  In July 1998, VeriSign completed a merger with SecureIT, Inc. ("SecureIT")
(hereafter collectively referred to as the "Company"). SecureIT is a provider
of Internet and enterprise security solutions comprising a full range of
products and services to assist clients with assessing, designing and
implementing security solutions. The merger was effected by exchanging
approximately 1,666,000 shares of VeriSign common stock for all of the
outstanding common stock of SecureIT. Each share of SecureIT was exchanged for
0.164806 of one share of VeriSign common stock. In addition, outstanding
SecureIT employee stock options were converted at the same exchange ratio into
options to purchase approximately 190,000 shares of VeriSign common stock.
 
  The merger constituted a tax-free reorganization and has been accounted for
as a pooling-of-interests. Accordingly, all prior period financial statements
have been restated to include the combined results of operations, financial
position and cash flows of SecureIT as if it had always been a part of
VeriSign. There were no intercompany transactions between VeriSign and SecureIT
prior to the combination that required elimination and there were no material
adjustments required to conform SecureIT's accounting policies to those of
VeriSign. The Company incurred direct costs and other related merger costs of
approximately $3.6 million in connection with the acquisition (see Note 11).
 
  The results of operations previously reported by the separate companies and
the combined amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements are
summarized below.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                      Six Months Ended ------------------------
                                       June 30, 1998      1997         1996
                                      ---------------- -----------  -----------
                                                   (In thousands)
   <S>                                <C>              <C>          <C>
   Revenues:
     VeriSign, Inc...................     $  9,303     $     9,382  $     1,351
     SecureIT, Inc...................        5,911           3,974            5
                                          --------     -----------  -----------
       Combined......................     $ 15,214     $    13,356  $     1,356
                                          ========     ===========  ===========
 
   Net income/(loss):
     VeriSign, Inc...................     $(10,092)    $   (19,195) $   (10,243)
     SecureIT, Inc...................          600             606          (45)
                                          --------     -----------  -----------
       Combined......................     $ (9,492)    $   (18,589) $   (10,288)
                                          ========     ===========  ===========
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       54
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
(3) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments
 
  Available-for-sale securities included in cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                                  1998    1997
                                                                 ------- ------
                                                                 (In thousands)
   <S>                                                           <C>     <C>
   Commercial paper............................................. $21,451 $1,060
   Corporate bonds and notes....................................   5,031  3,244
   Money market funds...........................................   4,600  4,300
   Medium term notes............................................   4,049    --
   Market auction securities....................................   3,000    --
   U.S. government and agency securities........................     --   1,000
                                                                 ------- ------
                                                                 $38,131 $9,604
                                                                 ======= ======
   Included in cash and cash equivalents........................ $19,172 $1,653
                                                                 ======= ======
   Included in short-term investments........................... $18,959 $7,951
                                                                 ======= ======
</TABLE>
 
(4) Property and Equipment
 
  Property and equipment are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 December 31,
                                                                ---------------
                                                                 1998    1997
                                                                ------- -------
                                                                (In thousands)
   <S>                                                          <C>     <C>
   Computer equipment and purchased software................... $11,402 $ 8,107
   Office equipment, furniture and fixtures....................   1,774   1,444
   Leasehold improvements......................................   3,136   2,425
                                                                ------- -------
                                                                 16,312  11,976
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization..............   7,078   3,220
                                                                ------- -------
                                                                $ 9,234 $ 8,756
                                                                ======= =======
</TABLE>
 
(5) Accrued Liabilities
 
  Accrued liabilities are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  December 31,
                                                                 ---------------
                                                                  1998    1997
                                                                 ------- -------
                                                                 (In thousands)
   <S>                                                           <C>     <C>
   Employee compensation........................................ $ 2,255 $ 1,443
   Professional fees............................................     288      95
   Other........................................................   1,492     808
                                                                 ------- -------
                                                                 $ 4,035 $ 2,346
                                                                 ======= =======
</TABLE>
 
(6) Notes Payable
 
  In January 1997, the Company entered into an agreement for a non-revolving
equipment line of credit with a financing company that provides up to
$3,000,000, bears interest at 7.50% per annum and expires in March 1999. The
line of credit is secured by the Company's fixed assets. The Company is
obligated to grant a warrant
 
                                       55
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
to purchase up to 17,500 shares of common stock at $8.00 per share in the event
the Company borrows funds under the equipment line of credit. In addition, the
Company is prohibited from paying cash dividends on its capital stock under the
terms of this arrangement. There were no borrowings under this arrangement as
of December 31, 1998.
 
(7) Stockholders' Equity
 
 Initial Public Offering
 
  On January 30, 1998, the Company completed its initial public offering
("IPO") by issuing 3,450,000 shares of its common stock (including 450,000
shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option) at
an initial public offering price of $14 per share. The net proceeds to the
Company from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and offering expenses incurred by the Company, were approximately
$43.7 million. Concurrently with the IPO, each outstanding share of the
Company's convertible preferred stock was automatically converted into one
share of common stock.
 
 Preferred Stock
 
  The Company is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
As of December 31, 1998, no shares of preferred stock had been issued.
 
 Notes Receivable From Stockholders
 
  In November 1996, the Company loaned several officers an aggregate of
$543,000, due December 31, 2005, bearing interest at a rate per annum of 6.95%,
payable quarterly. In August 1997, the Company loaned an officer an aggregate
of $116,000, due December 31, 2006, bearing interest at a rate per annum of
6.87%, payable quarterly. The loans are full recourse, are collateralized by
pledges of shares of common stock of the Company that were purchased and may be
prepaid in part or in full without notice or penalty.
 
(8) Stock Compensation Plans
 
 Stock Option Plans
 
  As of December 31, 1998, a total of 7,278,809 shares of common stock were
reserved for issuance under the Company's equity incentive plans (the "Plans"),
including 4,145,000 shares authorized under the 1995 Stock Option Plan, 800,000
shares authorized under the 1997 Stock Option Plan, an additional 2,000,000
shares authorized under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan, 125,000 shares
authorized under the 1998 Directors Plan and 208,809 shares authorized under
SecureIT's 1997 Stock Option Plan.
 
  Concurrent with the Company's IPO, the 1995 Stock Option Plan and the 1997
Stock Option Plan (the "1995 and 1997 Plans") were terminated. Options to
purchase common stock granted under the 1995 and 1997 Plans remain outstanding
and subject to the vesting and exercise terms of the original grant. All shares
that remained available for future issuance under the 1995 and 1997 Plans at
the time of their termination were transferred to the 1998 Equity Incentive
Plan. No further options can be granted under the 1995 and 1997 Plans. Options
granted under the 1995 and 1997 Plans are subject to terms substantially
similar to those described below with respect to options granted under the 1998
Equity Incentive Plan.
 
  In October 1997 the Board of Directors (the "Board") adopted, and in January
1998 the stockholders approved, the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan (the "1998
Plan"). The 1998 Plan authorizes the award of options,
 
                                       56
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                       December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
restricted stock awards and stock bonuses. As of December 31, 1998, no
restricted stock awards or stock bonus awards have been made under the 1998
Plan.
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock
 
  In April 1995, the Company issued 4,306,883 shares of Series A convertible
preferred stock to previously unrelated third parties, except for 425,000
shares issued to Security Dynamics. In February 1996, the Company issued
2,099,123 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock. A majority of the
shares were issued to a previously unrelated third party venture capitalist
and the remainder were issued to existing investors, including Security
Dynamics and VISA. In November and December 1996, the Company issued 3,625,000
shares of Series C convertible preferred stock to previously unrelated third
parties.
 
  As of December 31, 1997, convertible preferred stock consisted of the
following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Shares
                                                Shares   Issued and  Liquidation
   Series                                     Authorized Outstanding Preference
   ------                                     ---------- ----------- -----------
   <S>                                        <C>        <C>         <C>
     A.......................................  4,306,883  4,306,883  $ 5,168,260
     B.......................................  2,101,000  2,099,123  $ 5,037,895
     C.......................................  3,875,000  3,625,000  $29,000,000
                                              ---------- ----------  -----------
                                              10,282,883 10,031,006  $39,206,155
                                              ========== ==========  ===========
</TABLE>
 
  The rights preferences and privileges of the holders of convertible
preferred stock were as follows:
 
  . The holders of Series A, B and C preferred stock were entitled to
    noncumulative dividends, if and when declared by the Board of Directors,
    of $.10, $.20 and $.64 per share, respectively.
 
  . Shares of preferred stock were convertible to common stock at any time at
    the rate of one share of common stock for each share of convertible
    preferred stock. The convertible preferred stock automatically converted
    to common stock upon the closing of the IPO.
 
  . The holders of convertible preferred stock were protected by certain
    antidilutive provisions.
 
  . The shares of Series A, B and C convertible preferred stock had a
    liquidation preference of $1.20, $2.40 and $8.00 per share, respectively,
    plus any declared and unpaid dividends.
 
  . The convertible preferred stock generally voted equally with shares of
    common stock on an "as if converted" basis.
 
  No dividends have been declared or paid on the convertible preferred stock
or common stock since inception of the Company. SecureIT paid Subchapter S
distributions of $793,000 to its stockholders for minimum tax obligations
during the year ended December 31, 1998.
  Options may be granted at an exercise price not less than 100% of the fair
market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant for incentive
stock options and 85% of such fair market value for nonqualified stock
options. All options are granted at the discretion of the Company's Board and
have a term not greater than 7 years from the date of grant. Options issued
generally vest 25% on the first anniversary date and ratably over the
following 12 quarters. At December 31, 1998, 268,221 shares remain available
for future awards under the 1998 Plan.
 
  In October 1997 the Board adopted, and in January 1998 the stockholders
approved the 1998 Directors Stock Option Plan (the "Directors Plan"). Members
of the Board who are not employees of the Company, or
 
                                      57
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, are eligible to participate
in the Directors Plan. The option grants under the Directors Plan are automatic
and nondiscretionary, and the exercise price of the options is 100% of the fair
market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. Each eligible
director who becomes a director on or after January 28, 1998 will initially be
granted an option to purchase 15,000 shares on the date such director first
becomes a director (the "Initial Grant"). On each anniversary of a director's
Initial Grant or most recent grant if such director was ineligible to receive
an Initial Grant, each eligible director will automatically be granted an
additional option to purchase 7,500 shares of common stock if the director has
served continuously as a director since the date of his Initial Grant or most
recent grant. The term of the options under the Directors Plan is ten years and
options vest as to 6.25% of the shares each quarter after the date of the
grant, provided the optionee remains a director of the Company. At December 31,
1998, 87,500 shares remain available for future grant under the Directors Plan.
 
  In connection with the acquisition of SecureIT, the Company assumed
SecureIT's 1997 Stock Option Plan (the "SecureIT Plan"). The SecureIT Plan
provided for the grant of both fixed and performance-based stock options.
Options granted under the SecureIT Plan generally have a term of seven years
and vest over a four-year period, 25% on each anniversary of the grant date. No
further options can be granted under the SecureIT Plan.
 
  A summary of stock option activity under the Plans follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Year Ended December 31,
                          ------------------------------------------------------------
                                 1998                1997                1996
                          ------------------- ------------------- --------------------
                                     Weighted            Weighted             Weighted
                                     Average             Average              Average
                                     Exercise            Exercise             Exercise
                           Shares     Price    Shares     Price     Shares     Price
                          ---------  -------- ---------  -------- ----------  --------
<S>                       <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>
Outstanding at beginning
 of year................  2,592,789   $ 3.00  1,608,075   $ .80    1,274,750    $.12
Granted.................  2,433,756    30.76  1,601,652    4.23    2,022,700     .83
Exercised...............   (740,637)    2.30   (532,781)    .46   (1,637,375)    .34
Canceled................   (156,816)   11.36    (84,157)    .93      (52,000)    .13
                          ---------           ---------           ----------
Outstanding at end of
 year...................  4,129,092    19.17  2,592,789    3.00    1,608,075     .80
                          =========           =========           ==========
Exercisable at end of
 year...................    418,465     3.26    258,088     .80      152,167     .12
                          =========           =========           ==========
Weighted average fair
 value of options
 granted during the
 year...................               16.02               1.03                  .17
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       58
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
  The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as
of December 31, 1998:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Weighted-
                                            Average   Weighted-             Weighted-
                                           Remaining   Average               Average
                                Shares    Contractual Exercise    Shares    Exercise
   Range of Exercise Prices   Outstanding    Life       Price   Exercisable   Price
   ------------------------   ----------- ----------- --------- ----------- ---------
   <S>                        <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>
   $  .01 - $  .75 *.......      558,201  4.61 years   $  .57     176,342    $  .47
   $ 1.50 - $ 2.25 *.......      473,403  5.27 years     2.13      91,333      2.12
   $ 4.00 - $ 6.00 *.......      445,700  5.76 years     5.64      64,356      5.66
   $ 6.07 - $12.14 *.......      476,955  5.83 years     8.14      84,089      7.49
   $25.75 - $29.13.........    1,077,935  6.63 years    27.54         --        --
   $30.00 - $39.25.........      720,798  6.91 years    32.29       2,345     39.25
   $42.38 - $51.13.........      376,100  6.86 years    49.29         --        --
                               ---------                          -------
   $  .01 - $51.13.........    4,129,092  6.09 years    19.17     418,465      3.26
                               =========                          =======
</TABLE>
- --------
 * Options in these price ranges were granted by the Company prior to its IPO
  and by SecureIT prior to its acquisition by the Company.
 
 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 
  In December 1997, the Board adopted, and in January 1998, the stockholders
approved, the 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("Purchase Plan"), for which
500,000 shares of the Company's common stock have been reserved. Eligible
employees may purchase the Company's common stock through payroll deductions by
electing to have between 2% and 10% of their compensation withheld. Each
participant is granted an option to purchase the Company's common stock on the
first day of each 24 month offering period and such option is automatically
exercised on the last day of each six month purchase period during the offering
period. The purchase price for the Company's common stock under the Purchase
Plan is 85% of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company's common
stock on the first day of the applicable offering period and the last day of
the applicable purchase period. The first offering period began on January 30,
1998. Offering periods thereafter will begin on February 1 and August 1 of each
year. In 1998, 58,225 shares of common stock were issued under the Purchase
Plan and 441,775 shares remain available for future issuance. For the year
ended December 31, 1998, the weighted-average fair value of the options granted
under the Purchase Plan was $7.18.
 
 Pro Forma Information
 
  The Company applies the intrinsic value method in accounting for its equity-
based compensation plan. Had compensation cost for the Company's equity-based
compensation plans been determined consistent with the fair value approach set
forth in SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," the Company's
net loss would have been as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                               -------------------------------
                                                 1998       1997       1996
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                 (In thousands, except per
                                                        share data)
   <S>                                         <C>        <C>        <C>
   Net loss as reported....................... $ (19,743) $ (18,589) $ (10,288)
   Pro forma net loss under SFAS No. 123......   (24,117)   (18,904)   (10,332)
   Basic and diluted net loss per share as
    reported..................................      (.95)     (2.61)     (2.07)
   Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per
    share under SFAS
    No. 123...................................     (1.16)     (2.65)     (2.08)
</TABLE>
 
                                       59
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
 
  The fair value of stock options and Purchase Plan options granted subsequent
to the Company's IPO on January 30, 1998 was estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes model. The fair value of stock options granted prior to
the Company's IPO and for stock options granted by SecureIT prior to its
acquisition was estimated on the date of grant using the minimum value method.
The following table sets forth the weighted-average assumptions used to
calculate the fair value of the stock options and Purchase Plan options for
each period presented.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                    1998       1997      1996
                                                 ----------- --------- ---------
   <S>                                           <C>         <C>       <C>
   Stock options:
     Volatility.................................     70%*        0%        0%
     Risk-free interest rate....................    4.95%      6.14%     6.21%
     Expected life..............................  3.5 years   5 years   5 years
     Dividend yield.............................    zero       zero      zero
   Purchase Plan options:
     Volatility.................................     70%        --        --
     Risk-free interest rate....................    5.35%       --        --
     Expected life.............................. 1.25 years     --        --
     Dividend yield.............................    zero        --        --
</TABLE>
 
 
  *  Volatility was zero under the minimum value method for grants prior to
     January 30, 1998 and for all grants made by SecureIT prior to its
     acquisition by VeriSign.
 
  The provisions of SFAS No. 123 are effective for options granted beginning
January 1, 1996. Options vest over several years and new options are generally
granted each year. Because of these factors, the pro forma effect shown above
may not be representative of the pro forma effect of SFAS No. 123 in future
years.
 
(9) Income Taxes
 
  The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the Company's deferred tax assets are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               December 31,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               1998      1997
                                                             --------  --------
                                                              (In thousands)
   <S>                                                       <C>       <C>
   Deferred tax assets:
     Net operating loss carryforwards and deferred start-up
      costs................................................  $ 22,188  $ 11,579
     Tax credit carryforwards..............................     1,521       839
     Property and equipment................................     1,135        36
     Other.................................................     1,331       471
                                                             --------  --------
                                                               26,175    12,925
   Valuation allowance.....................................   (26,175)  (12,925)
                                                             --------  --------
   Net deferred tax assets.................................  $    --   $    --
                                                             ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       60
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
  Management has established a valuation allowance equal to 100% of the net
deferred tax assets because the realization of the deferred tax assets is
uncertain. The total valuation allowance increased $13,250,000 and $8,570,000
in the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively.
 
  Gross deferred tax assets as of December 31, 1998 include approximately
$6,386,000 relating to the exercise of stock options, which will be credited to
equity when realized.
 
  As of December 31, 1998, the Company has available net operating loss
carryforwards for federal and California income tax purposes of approximately
$52,250,000 and $46,522,000, respectively. The federal net operating loss
carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, in 2010 through 2018. The
California net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, in
2003.
 
  As of December 31, 1998, the Company has available for carryover research and
experimental tax credits for federal and California income tax purposes of
approximately $851,000 and $490,000, respectively. The federal research and
experimental tax credits will expire, if not utilized, in 2010 through 2014.
California research and experimental tax credits carry forward indefinitely
until utilized. The Company also has federal foreign tax credits of
approximately $180,000, which expire, if not utilized, in 2001 through 2002. To
date, foreign income taxes have not been significant.
 
  The Tax Reform Act of 1986 imposed substantial restrictions on the
utilization of net operating losses and tax credits in the event of an
"ownership change" of a corporation. Accordingly, the Company's ability to
utilize net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be limited as a result
of such an "ownership change" as defined in the Internal Revenue Code.
 
(10) Commitments
 
 Leases
 
  The Company leases its facilities under operating leases that extend through
2005. Future minimum lease payments under the Company's noncancelable operating
leases as of December 31, 1998, are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  (In thousands)
     <S>                                                          <C>
     1999........................................................    $ 4,032
     2000........................................................      3,968
     2001........................................................      3,553
     2002........................................................      2,119
     2003........................................................      2,047
     Thereafter..................................................      3,113
                                                                     -------
     Total minimum lease payments................................    $18,832
                                                                     =======
</TABLE>
 
  Net rental expense under operating leases for the years ended December 31,
1998, 1997 and 1996, was $1,936,000, $1,722,000 and $621,000, respectively.
 
(11) Special Charges
 
 Merger-related expenses
 
  In connection with the acquisition of SecureIT in July 1998 (see Note 2), the
Company recorded a special charge of $3.6 million for direct and other merger-
related costs pertaining to the merger transaction and certain
 
                                       61
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
stock-based compensation charges. Merger transaction costs totaled $2.4 million
and consisted primarily of fees for investment bankers, attorneys and
accountants, filing fees and other related charges. The stock-based
compensation charges of $1.2 million related to certain performance stock
options held by SecureIT employees, the vesting of which either automatically
accelerated upon change of control or were accelerated by VeriSign's Board of
Directors subsequent to the merger.
 
 VeriFone
 
  In September 1996, VeriFone, Inc., which subsequently became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Hewlett-Packard Company, filed a lawsuit against the Company
alleging, among other things, trademark infringement. In November 1997, both
parties executed a definitive agreement under which, among other things, the
Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock, which were
transferred to Hewlett-Packard, and the Company and VeriFone settled such
claims. The settlement amount was recorded during the year ended December 31,
1997 as a $2.0 million charge to operations.
 
 Microsoft
 
  In November 1997, the Company entered into a preferred provider agreement
with Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") whereby the companies will develop,
promote and distribute a variety of client-based and server-based digital
certificate solutions and the Company will be designated as the premier
provider of digital certificates for Microsoft customers. In connection with
the agreement, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock to Microsoft
resulting in an $800,000 charge to operations.
 
(12) Segment Information
 
  The Company operates in the United States, Europe and Japan and derives
substantially all of its revenues from sales of Internet-based trust services.
 
  Geographic information
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended December
                                                                   31,
                                                          ----------------------
                                                           1998    1997    1996
                                                          ------- ------- ------
                                                              (In thousands)
   <S>                                                    <C>     <C>     <C>
   Revenues:
     United States....................................... $33,650 $12,122 $1,301
     All other countries.................................   5,280   1,234     55
                                                          ------- ------- ------
     Total............................................... $38,930 $13,356 $1,356
                                                          ======= ======= ======
In general, revenues are attributed to the country in which the contract
originated. However, revenues from all digital certificates issued from the
Mountain View, California facility are attributed to the United States because
it is impracticable to determine the country of origin.
<CAPTION>
                                                               December 31,
                                                          ----------------------
                                                           1998    1997    1996
                                                          ------- ------- ------
                                                              (In thousands)
   <S>                                                    <C>     <C>     <C>
   Long-lived assets:
     United States....................................... $ 8,655 $ 7,619 $4,424
     All other countries.................................   1,952   2,008    559
                                                          ------- ------- ------
     Total............................................... $10,607 $ 9,627 $4,983
                                                          ======= ======= ======
</TABLE>
 
 
                                       62
<PAGE>
 
                        VERISIGN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
 
                        December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996
 
 Major customers
 
  The Company had one customer that accounted for 10% and 21% of consolidated
revenues for the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996, respectively (see Note
1).
 
(13) Subsequent Event (Unaudited)
 
  In January 1999, the Company sold an additional 1,597,500 shares of its
common stock to the public for net proceeds, after underwriting discounts and
commissions and expenses of the offering, of approximately $121.5 million.
 
                                       63
<PAGE>
 
                                    EXHIBITS
 
  As required under Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and
Reports on Form 8-K, the exhibits filed as part of this report are provided in
this separate section. The exhibits included in this section are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   Exhibit
   Number         Exhibit Description
   -------        -------------------
   <C>     <S>
    21.1     Subsidiaries of the Registrant
    23.1     Consent of Independent Auditors
    27.1     Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>
 
                                       64
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                    EXHIBIT 21.1
 
                                 VERISIGN, INC.
 
                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  Subsidiary Legal                                   Percentage of
        Name         Jurisdiction of Incorporation     Ownership
  ----------------   -----------------------------   -------------
 <C>                 <S>                             <C>
 VeriSign Japan K.K.             Japan                   50.5%
 SecureIT, Inc.                 Georgia                   100%
 VeriSign AB                     Sweden                   100%
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1
 
                                 VERISIGN, INC.
 
                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of VeriSign, Inc.:
 
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(No. 333-45237, 333-46803 and 333-58583) on Form S-8 of VeriSign, Inc. of our
report dated January 15, 1999, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of
VeriSign, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1998 and 1997, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1998,
appearing on page 44 of this Form 10-K.
 
                                          /s/ KPMG LLP
 
Mountain View, California
February 17, 1999
 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AT DECEMBER 31, 1998 AND THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1998
<CASH>                                          22,786
<SECURITIES>                                    18,959
<RECEIVABLES>                                   10,286
<ALLOWANCES>                                       517
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                53,688
<PP&E>                                          16,312
<DEPRECIATION>                                   7,078
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  64,295
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           22,603
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                            23
<OTHER-SE>                                      40,705
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    64,295
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                38,930
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   19,454
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                42,031
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   590
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                   0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                               (19,743)
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                           (19,743)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                  (19,743)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    (.95)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    (.95)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
