-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 G4w29TX0G+R/cADoqPOivbQvC+nhq6bbGxhWm0Hnyd11c3oNYAIdMFdlYE4NAviU
 yjTEXdRQZwFYJOSU4/DI2w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000891618-98-004394.txt : 19981006
<SEC-HEADER>0000891618-98-004394.hdr.sgml : 19981006
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891618-98-004394
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981002
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		19981005
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYMANTEC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000849399
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770181864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17781
		FILM NUMBER:		98720491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10201 TORRE AVE
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4082539600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		10201 TORRE AVENUE
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K DATED OCTOBER 2, 1998
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549



                                    FORM 8-K



                                 CURRENT REPORT



                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934



Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)         October 2, 1998
                                                --------------------------------


                              SYMANTEC CORPORATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


           Delaware                      0-17781                 77-0181864
- ----------------------------           ------------          -------------------
(State or other jurisdiction           (Commission            (I.R.S. Employer
       of incorporation)               File Number)          Identification No.)


           10201 Torre Avenue
          Cupertino, California                                    95014
- ----------------------------------------                         ----------
(Address of principal executive offices)                         (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code       (408) 253-9600
                                                  ------------------------------

<PAGE>   2

Item 5:   Other Events

          Purchase of Anti-Virus Business of Intel Corporation.

          Symantec Corporation ("Symantec") acquired rights to Intel
Corporation's anti-virus business. Symantec has also licensed Intel systems
management technology which it will combine with its own antivirus technology to
create best-of-breed anti-virus solutions for corporate organizations.

          Norton AntiVirus engine technology will be integrated into a new
anti-virus product that Intel has had under development for most of this year.
The product will be fully integrated with Intel LANDesk Management Suite and
will be launched as a Norton AntiVirus product later this year to provide an
obvious and smooth upgrade path for current LANDesk Virus Protect customers.

          Under the agreement, Symantec will support Intel's registered
anti-virus customers once Symantec distributes a new Symantec version of Intel's
antivirus product. Intel will also market the Norton AntiVirus product line
through its extensive reseller channel worldwide.


                                       2

<PAGE>   3

Item 7:   Financial Statements and Exhibits.

          (c) Exhibits

<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>
              10.1    Software License Agreement between Symantec and Intel
                      Corporation, dated September 27, 1998.*

              99.1    Press release of Symantec dated September 28, 1998.
</TABLE>


- ------------
*Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit.


                                       3

<PAGE>   4

                                    SIGNATURE



          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: October 2, 1998

                                         SYMANTEC CORPORATION



                                         By: /s/ Derek P. Witte
                                            ----------------------------------
                                            Derek P. Witte
                                            Vice President and General Counsel


                                       4

<PAGE>   5

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit
- -------
<S>            <C>
 10.1          Software License Agreement between Symantec and Intel
               Corporation, dated September 27, 1998.*

 99.1          Press release of Symantec dated September 28, 1998.
</TABLE>



- ------------
*Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT DATED 9/27/98
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1
                                                                   

                           SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This agreement ("Agreement") is made between Symantec Corporation, a Delaware
corporation having offices at 10201 Torre Avenue, Cupertino CA 95014
("Symantec"), and Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation having offices at
5200 N.E. Elam Young Parkway, Hillsboro, OR 97124 ("Intel"). Symantec and Intel
are each individually referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the
"Parties." This Agreement shall become effective on the date as of which both
parties have executed the agreement (the "Execution Date").



                                    AGREEMENT

1.0  DEFINITIONS

     1.1  "LDVP SOFTWARE" means that certain Intel LANDesk(R) Virus Protect
     software specified in Exhibit A (which does not include the Common
     Technology Software and Third Party Software), which includes the Antivirus
     Specific Software, in both Source Code and Object Code form, all associated
     Design Documentation and End User Documentation plus all generally
     available language translations of the foregoing.

     1.2  "COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE" means that certain Intel Common
     Technology Software specified in Exhibit A, in Object Code form, and any
     subsequent Releases and Maintenance Updates, API definitions, plus all
     generally available language translations of the foregoing.

     1.3  "AVC SOFTWARE" means the Norton Anti-Virus Client software specified
     in Exhibit A, in Object Code form, which contains functionality equivalent
     to that which is offered as Symantec's standard anti-virus client product,
     any subsequent Releases and Maintenance Updates, End User Documentation,
     and API definitions, plus all generally available language translations of
     the foregoing.

     1.4  "LICENSED SYMANTEC PRODUCTS" means any product sold or licensed by
     Symantec, which contains the Common Technology Software.

     1.5  "LICENSED INTEL PRODUCTS" means any product sold or licensed by Intel,
     which contains the AVC Software.

     1.6  "RELEASE" means a major release or point release of any software
     licensed by either Party under this Agreement, which is designated by the
     licensor Party in its sole discretion as a new release. A "Major Release"
     means a significantly enhanced or revised release of such software, as
     customarily signified in the software industry by a change in the digit
     which appears immediately to the left of the decimal point in the version
     number. A "Point Release" means a new release of such software that may
     contain new features and functionality and is customarily signified by the
     software industry by a change in the digit that appears to the right of the
     decimal point in the version number. "Release" specifically excludes
     "Maintenance Updates."


    Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document.

                                      -1-

<PAGE>   2

     1.7  "MAINTENANCE UPDATE" means changes to fix a bug or correct an error to
     an existing release of any software licensed by either Party to the other
     Party under this Agreement, made by or for the licensor Party in its sole
     discretion, and which is designated by the licensor Party as a maintenance
     update.

     1.8  "DESIGN DOCUMENTATION" shall mean any documentation existing as of the
     Execution Date of the Agreement or thereafter relating to (i) how software
     was developed, (ii) how the software works, is organized or is partitioned
     internally, (iii) how a licensee other than an end user can if granted the
     right modify or add to the software functionality, (iv) any non-public
     APIs, and/or (v) any written confidential and trade secret information of a
     technical nature provided by one Party to the other under this Agreement.

     1.9  "END-USER DOCUMENTATION" shall mean any end user installation and user
     guides, manuals, and other technical information in printed and
     machine-readable form that are normally provided by the licensor Party to
     end users of software. End User Documentation specifically excludes Design
     Documentation and any Source Code documentation.

     1.10 "OBJECT CODE" means software, including all computer programming code
     in binary form that is directly executable by a computer after suitable
     processing but without the intervening steps of compilation or assembly,
     and all help, message, and overlay files.

     1.11 "SOURCE CODE" means the software code from which Object Code is
     compiled. Source code includes the commented software Source Code and
     design documentation for the relevant software, as well as all other
     materials, in both machine readable and hard-copy form, that are used to
     develop or test the software. Source Code includes, for example, relevant
     electronically readable source documentation, design documents, data
     models, test scripts, help materials, and tutorial programs.

     1.12 "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation, company or other entity with
     regard to which (a) greater than fifty percent (50%) of whose outstanding
     shares or securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or
     similar managing authority is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by
     a Party hereto; or (b) which does not have outstanding shares or securities
     but greater than fifty percent (50%) of whose ownership interest
     representing the right to make such decisions for such entity is, now or
     hereafter, owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a party hereto;
     provided however, that in each case such corporation, company or other
     entity shall be deemed a Subsidiary only so long as such ownership or
     control exists and exceeds fifty percent (50%). For purposes of this
     Agreement, the terms Intel and Symantec shall include all of each
     respective Party's Subsidiaries.

     1.13 "SMA" means a Service Maintenance Agreement between Intel and
     licensees of LDVP 5.X in one of the forms attached as Exhibit D.

     1.14 "VPA" means a Volume Purchase Agreement between Intel and licensees of
     LDVP 5.X in one of the forms attached as Exhibit D.

     1.15 "NET REVENUE" means actual gross receipts from sales, marketing and
     distribution of the products, less taxes (including, but not limited to,
     any sales, use, excise or other taxes), bad debts, interest, currency
     exchange fees and other finance charges, shipping 


                                      -2-

<PAGE>   3

     costs (including, but not limited to, insurance, transportation costs and
     duties) and allowances for returns, defects, replacements or stock
     balances. If any product is distributed with other products in a package
     for a single price, the Net Revenue attributable to such product will be
     determined by prorating the receipts from the sale or license of the
     package according to the suggested retail prices, or if no suggested retail
     price is announced, the values established by the Party selling the product
     , for the separate works contained in the package, whether or not such
     products are distributed separately, provided that such values are
     reasonably related to the values, marketing potentials or cost of the
     separate products. Net Revenue will not include any receipts from copies of
     the products which are distributed by the Party to previous purchasers of
     the products as back-up, replacement or update copies for which that Party
     does not receive payment in excess of $15.00, and no amount will be
     credited or paid to the other Party with respect to any receipts from
     copies of the products supplied for promotional purposes to the press,
     trade, sales representatives or potential customers for the products.
     Amounts received by a Party as deposits or advances will not be deemed to
     have been received until shipments of the product to the party making the
     deposits or advances have been made against such deposits or advances.
     Partial payments of an invoice will be prorated over all products included
     in the invoice. Amounts received by the Party in foreign currencies will be
     deemed converted into United States Dollars at the average exchange rates
     used by the Party in its financial statements for the month of receipt.

     1.16 "THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE" means the third party software code included in
     LDVP Software Version 5.0 and LDVP Software Version 6.0 specified in
     Exhibit A.

     1.17 "AV SUBSCRIPTION" means a subscription granting rights to receive
     updated virus pattern files over a specified period of time for end users
     of the AVC Software.

     1.18 "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means (i) copyrights and trade secrets in the
     software as delivered; and (ii) to the minimum extent that is necessary to
     exercise the copyright license, claims of patents that read on inventions
     incorporated into the software as delivered

     1.19 "ANTIVIRUS SPECIFIC SOFTWARE" means that portion of the LDVP Software
     that is specific to detection and removal of viruses.


2.0  INTEL DELIVERABLES

     2.1  INITIAL DELIVERY OF SOFTWARE: Intel shall deliver to Symantec the LDVP
     Software version 5.0, alpha version 6.0, Common Technology Software and
     associated End-User Documentation and any available mail extensions or
     foreign language translations that are available as of the Execution Date
     within thirty (30) days after the Execution Date. Intel shall also deliver
     available training materials and sales/marketing collateral specifically
     related to the LANDesk Virus Protect product to Symantec at this time..
     Additionally, Intel shall deliver to Symantec the English only LDVP
     Software version 6.0 (without mail extensions or foreign language
     translations) 10 days after Intel determines, in its reasonable discretion,
     that development and testing of such product are complete based on Intel's
     normal criteria (including as set forth in Exhibit F) for releasing LANDesk
     software products and based on Intel's definition of the product (i.e. no
     custom development work for Symantec is contemplated). Concurrent with the
     LDVP 6.0 alpha 


                                      -3-

<PAGE>   4

     delivery, Intel shall either deliver all Intel proprietary tools (including
     localization tools) necessary to build LDVP 6.0 under the license
     provisions set forth in Section 4.5 or will help Symantec identify
     alternative tools and/or processes to accomplish such build, however Intel
     will be under no obligation to obtain or provide Symantec with third party
     software tools.

     2.2  SUBSEQUENT DELIVERY OF RELEASES: Any Releases and Maintenance Updates
     to the Common Technology Software developed by or for Intel during the term
     of this Agreement shall be provided to Symantec at such time as the Release
     or Maintenance Update is made generally available to third parties. Intel
     further agrees to provide to Symantec beta versions of any Releases or
     Maintenance Updates (if any) at or before the time that Intel provides beta
     versions to any third party. Symantec further acknowledges that,
     notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Intel will not be
     required to deliver to Symantec any Releases of Common Technology Software
     relating to unique features developed by or for Intel solely for a single
     customer.

     2.3  AGREEMENT DELIVERY AND ASSIGNMENT: On the Execution Date, Intel shall
     deliver to Symantec true and correct copies of all current VPAs and site
     agreement for the LANDesk(R) Virus Protect product to Symantec.
     Furthermore, Intel represents that the VPA's are substantially similar to
     the sample VPA agreement in Exhibit D.

     2.4  CUSTOMER DATABASES: On the Execution Date, Intel shall deliver to
     Symantec customer databases related to the LDVP Software in a MS excel
     format containing information available to Intel for each database as
     further defined in Exhibit E. Furthermore, Intel represents that the SMAs
     referred to therein are substantially similar to the sample SMA agreements
     in Exhibit D with the exception of customers who choose the enterprise
     level support upgrade which includes 7x24 hour support. Symantec represents
     that to the extent the LDVP customers remain separately identified, such
     lists or databases shall not be provided to any third party without Intel's
     prior written consent.


3.0  SYMANTEC DELIVERABLES

     3.1  INITIAL DELIVERY: Symantec shall deliver to Intel the AVC Software,
     associated End-User Documentation, technical API's for the underlying AV
     scan engine included in the AVC Software, and any associated Design
     Documentation related to such APIs within thirty (30) days after the
     execution of this Agreement by both Parties.

     3.2  SUBSEQUENT DELIVERY OF RELEASES: Any Releases and Maintenance Updates
     to the AVC Software (after the delivery of the initial release) developed
     by or for Symantec during the term of this Agreement shall be provided to
     Intel at such time as the Release or Maintenance Update is made generally
     available to third parties (including technical API's for the underlying AV
     scan engine). Symantec further agrees to provide to Intel beta versions of
     any Releases or Maintenance Updates (if any) at or before the time that
     Symantec provides beta versions generally to third parties. Intel further
     acknowledges that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
     Symantec will not be required to deliver to Intel any Releases of the AVC
     Software relating to unique features developed by or for Symantec solely
     for a single customer. Symantec shall also make Releases and Maintenance
     Updates, including but not limited to virus pattern file updates, available
     to 


                                      -4-

<PAGE>   5

     Intel in a format that can be delivered by Intel to its customers via
     electronic means, e.g. FTP or other web-based delivery mechanism.

     3.3  SYMANTEC UPDATE OBLIGATION: Symantec will provide, for no additional
     cost, Maintenance Updates and Releases of LDVP Software to any end user
     customer who has an unexpired SMA for LANDesk Virus Protect software on the
     Execution Date of the Agreement, for such time as the SMA is unexpired.


4.0  INTEL LICENSES TO SYMANTEC

     4.1  LDVP SOFTWARE LICENSE: Subject to the terms and conditions of this
     Agreement, Intel grants Symantec a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable,
     transferable, fully paid up (in accordance with the payment terms in
     Section 11.1), perpetual license (with the right to sublicense) under
     Intel's Intellectual Property in the LDVP Software to reproduce, have
     reproduced, prepare and have prepared derivative works of, publicly
     display, use, and distribute the LDVP Software and derivative works
     thereof, in both Object Code and Source Code form to third parties;
     provided that:

          4.1.1 For twenty four (24) months after the Execution Date, Intel
          agrees not to license LDVP Software (excluding the Antivirus Specific
          Software, which is restricted as set forth in Section 4.1.3 below) or
          derivatives thereof to [*] (including their respective successors in 
          interest, or assignees) for use in their anti-virus products.

          4.1.2 From twenty four (24) months to thirty six months (36) after the
          Execution Date, Intel agrees that if it licenses any derivatives of
          LDVP Software (excluding the Antivirus Specific Software, which is
          restricted as set forth in Section 4.1.3 below) to [*] (including 
          their respective successors in interest, or assignees) it shall make 
          available the same derivatives on a royalty free basis (subject to any
          underlying royalties owed by Intel) to Symantec.

          4.1.3 With respect to the Antivirus Specific Software, Intel agrees
          that for the term of this Agreement, it will not use the Antivirus
          Specific Software in the stand-alone anti-virus business and that it
          will not (a) license or sell it to [*] (including their respective 
          successors in interest or assignees), or (b) license or sell the 
          buildable Object or Source Code to any other person or entity for
          antivirus purposes, or (c) allow its licensees or assignees to do such
          restricted acts. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Intel's
          payment of any applicable royalties set forth in the Agreement, Intel
          shall not be prohibited from licensing or selling the Antivirus
          Specific Software in conjunction with any Intel services and/or
          products authorized herein (e.g, Intel(R) Answer Express sm, Intel(R)
          LANDesk(R) Client Manager, etc.) or hereinafter as agreed upon by the
          Parties. Additionally, Intel shall be permitted to license the
          buildable Object or Source Code in conjunction with any outsourcing of
          Intel support obligations. After the term of this Agreement has
          expired, Intel will not be subject to the restrictions on the
          Antivirus Specific Software set forth in this Section 4.1.3.

* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -5-

<PAGE>   6
    
     4.2  COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE LICENSE: Subject to the terms and
     conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants Symantec a non-exclusive,
     worldwide, non-transferable (except for assignment pursuant to Section
     18,8), license under Intel's Intellectual Property in the Common Technology
     Software (without the right to sublicense except as set forth below in
     Section 4.3) to reproduce, have reproduced, publicly display, distribute
     and use the Common Technology Software solely in Object Code form to third
     parties; provided that:

          4.2.1 In the event that Intel sells, assigns, or otherwise transfers
          its rights in the Common Technology Software to a third party, which
          is unable or unwilling to satisfy the support obligations related
          thereto as set forth in this Agreement, Intel shall deliver to
          Symantec the Common Technology Software in Source Code form and
          provide Symantec with a limited license to use such Source Code solely
          for support pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     4.3  COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION: Symantec may distribute the
     Common Technology Software in Object Code form solely through license
     agreements binding on all parties in the distribution chain and/or on the
     end user, which shall contain terms no less restrictive than those normally
     used when Symantec distributes its own software products. In addition,
     Symantec shall only distribute Common Technology Software when integrated
     with Symantec products (which shall include for purposes of this
     restriction the LDVP Software) and not in stand-alone form.

     4.4  LIMITED SOURCE CODE LICENSES::

          4.4.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel
          grants to Symantec a non-exclusive, non transferable, royalty free,
          internal use only license under Intel's trade secret rights to use the
          Source Code of the Common Base Agent ("CBA") software as set forth in
          Exhibit A (i.e. - Common Base Agent Ping Discovery Service and Common
          Base Agent Network Transport System) for the sole and exclusive
          purpose of facilitating identification of software bugs and anomalies
          and providing suggested fixes and workarounds to both Symantec's
          Licensed Symantec Products customers and Intel, provided that:

               4.4.1.1 Symantec shall strictly comply with the Source Code
               Confidentiality provisions as set forth in Section 18.2.1;

               4.4.1.2 No copyright, patent or other intellectual property 
               rights are granted to Symantec pursuant to this Section 4.4.1.
               Intel shall provide one (1) copy of the CBA Source Code to
               Symantec not later than Symantec's first commercial shipment of a
               Licensed Symantec Product and shall provide Symantec with
               periodic Source Code updates for the CBA software within a
               reasonable period following Intel's commercial shipment of a new
               Release; and

               4.4.1.3 Intel shall not provide to Symantec, nor shall Intel be
               required to obtain for Symantec, the Source Code to any third
               party software which may be included in the CBA software.
               Notwithstanding 


                                      -6-

<PAGE>   7

               the foregoing, Intel shall notify Symantec of any third party 
               software contained in the CBA software.

          4.4.2 Upon reasonable request by Symantec, which shall not be
          unreasonably denied by Intel, and subject to the terms and conditions
          of this Agreement, Intel shall, on a case by case basis, grant to
          Symantec a non-exclusive, non transferable, royalty free license under
          Intel's Intellectual Property rights to create derivatives of the
          Source Code of the Common Technology Software solely by porting the
          Source Code to function with Operating Systems ("OS's") which are not
          supported by Intel. In conjunction with the foregoing, Intel also
          grants to Symantec, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty free
          license under Intel's Intellectual Property rights to copy and
          distribute the Common Technology Software derivatives in Object Code
          form only to customers of Licensed Symantec Products. The conditional
          rights and licenses set forth in this Section 4.4.2 are also subject
          to the following:

               4.4.2.1 Symantec shall strictly comply with the Source Code
               Confidentiality provisions as set forth in Section 18.2.1;

               4.4.2.2 Intel shall own all rights to the derivative Common
               Technology Software Source Code and Object Code created by
               Symantec as authorized hereunder and Symantec shall cooperate in
               making all necessary assignments of copyrights and any other
               Intellectual Property rights necessary to perfect Intel's full
               ownership interest therein;

               4.4.2.3 Symantec shall distribute the derivative Common
               Technology Software Object Code solely with Symantec's anti-virus
               products and shall not distribute the derivative Common
               Technology Software Object Code in standalone form;

               4.4.2.4 Symantec shall not sublicense or otherwise transfer the
               derivative Common Technology Software Source Code to any third
               party without Intel's express prior written permission, which
               Intel may withhold at its sole discretion;

               4.4.2.5 Symantec shall be solely responsible for the maintenance
               and support of any derivative Common Technology Software Source
               Code and Object Code created by Symantec as authorized hereunder
               and shall provide Intel with copies thereof in both Source Code
               and Object Code form upon their completion. Additionally,
               Symantec shall periodically provide Intel with updates to such
               derivative Common Technology Software Source and Object Code upon
               their availability; and

               4.4.2.6 Intel shall not be required to provide to Symantec, nor
               shall Intel be required to obtain for Symantec, the Source Code
               to any third party software which may be included in the Common
               Technology Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intel shall
               notify 


                                      -7-

<PAGE>   8

               Symantec of any third party software contained in the Common
               Technology Software.

          4.4.3 Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, Intel
          shall be under no further obligation to provide Symantec with: (I) the
          Common Technology Software Source Code as set forth in Section 4.4.2
          above if not previously provided pursuant to the terms thereof, or
          (ii) updates or support of any kind for the Object Code or Source Code
          provided to Symantec prior to such termination or expiration under
          this Section 4.0.

     4.5  LIMITED OBJECT CODE LICENSE TO LDVP 6.0 TOOLS

          4.5.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel
          grants to Symantec a time limited, non-exclusive, non transferable,
          royalty free, internal use only Object Code license under Intel's
          Intellectual Property rights to copy and use those Intel proprietary
          LDVP 6.0 tools delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 for the sole and
          exclusive purpose of building English and localized versions of the
          LDVP 6.0 product provided that:

               4.5.1.1 Symantec employs reasonable commercial efforts to move
               LDVP 6.0 into its own build and localization environment as soon
               as feasible; 

               4.5.1.2 Intel shall be under no obligation to provide support for
               the tools provided other than high level instruction and/or
               documentation regarding use of the tool(s); 

               4.5.1.3 This license shall expire and Symantec shall return or
               destroy and render unrecoverable, at Intel's option, all copies
               of the LDVP 6.0 tools provided hereunder by Intel upon the
               earlier of (I) Symantec's completion of its integration of LDVP
               6.0 into its own build and localization environment, or (ii)
               January 1, 2000); 

               4.5.1.4 For purposes of this license only, any Intel proprietary
               "Make" or similar type tool files necessary for the LDVP 6.0
               build shall be considered part of the Object Code and may be
               modified as necessary by Symantec; and 

               4.5.1.5 Symantec shall only make a reasonably sufficient number
               of copies of the LDVP 6.0 tools provided by Intel hereunder to
               accomplish the LDVP 6.0 build and facilitate migration to
               Symantec's own software build and localization environment.


5.0  SYMANTEC LICENSES TO INTEL

     5.1  AVC SOFTWARE LICENSE: Subject to the terms and conditions of this
     Agreement, Symantec grants Intel a non-exclusive, worldwide, non
     transferable (except for assignment pursuant to Section 18.8), license
     under Symantec's Intellectual Property in the AVC Software (without the
     right to sublicense except as set forth below in Section 5.2) to reproduce,
     have reproduced, publicly display, distribute and use the AVC Software
     solely in Object Code form to third parties, provided that:

          5.1.1 This license shall not be effective during any period in which
          Intel commercially ships an anti-virus software solution from a vendor
          other than 


                                      -8-

<PAGE>   9

          Symantec as part of its LANDesk(R) branded systems management software
          products;

          5.1.2 End users will be restricted from gaining new virus pattern file
          updates after 90 days from registration unless they obtain an AV
          Subscription from either Symantec or Intel; and

          5.1.3 For virus pattern updates, this license shall only apply when
          exercised in conjunction with Intel's Answer Express sm service
          offering/products (or their logical successors) and is subject to
          Intel's payment of the associated royalty amounts as set forth in
          Section 11.2.1. Additionally, unless otherwise authorized by Symantec
          in writing, Intel shall only sell AV Subscriptions in conjunction with
          Intel's Answer Expresssm service offering/products (or their logical
          successors).


     5.2  AVC SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION: Subject to the terms and conditions of this
     Agreement, Intel may distribute the AVC Software in Object Code form solely
     through license agreements binding on all parties in the distribution chain
     and/or on the end user, which shall contain terms no less restrictive than
     those normally used when Intel distributes its own software products. In
     addition, Intel shall only distribute AVC Software when integrated with
     Intel products or services which provide significant additional
     functionality and not in stand-alone form.


     5.3  AVC SOFTWARE TRANSLATION LICENSE: Subject to the terms and conditions
     of this Agreement, Symantec grants Intel a non-exclusive, worldwide,
     non-transferable (except for assignment pursuant to Section 18.8), license
     under Symantec's Intellectual Property in the AVC Software to create or
     have created derivative works of the AVC Software and distribute such
     derivative works solely in Object Code form to third parties; provided
     that: (i) such derivative works shall consist only of foreign language
     translations of the AVC Software, which Intel needs in order to distribute
     Licensed Intel Products, and only where such translations are not available
     from Symantec; and (ii) Symantec will own all right, title and interest in
     any derivatives created by Intel under this section; (iii) and provided
     that Intel shall distribute such translation derivatives only when
     integrated with the Intel products or services, which provide significant
     additional functionality and not in stand-alone form (the "Translation
     Derivatives").


     5.4  AVC INTERNAL USE LICENSE: Subject to the terms and conditions of a
     Symantec End User License, Symantec grants to Intel and its subsidiaries a
     fully paid-up worldwide enterprise license to the AVC Software including
     updates, when available, and Symantec's standard level (and not gold or
     platinum level) of support that Symantec provides to its other customers.
     The terms and conditions of the Symantec End User License Agreement shall
     apply only if Intel chooses, in its sole discretion, to deploy the AVC
     Software.


6.0  LICENSE RESTRICTIONS


                                      -9-

<PAGE>   10

     6.1  RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: All rights not expressly granted herein are
     reserved to the owner, and no other licenses are granted herein by
     implication, estoppel or otherwise. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything
     herein to the contrary, Intel grants no licenses or other rights under any
     of its intellectual property rights for technical information to any
     microprocessor (including, without limitation, co-processors and embedded
     controllers), associated core logic device (including, without limitation,
     chip sets), flash memory, or semiconductor manufacturing technology.
     Symantec grants no licenses or other rights for any Symantec product or
     technology other than as expressly set forth herein.

     6.2  NO REVERSE ENGINEERING: Neither Party shall reverse engineer,
     decompile or disassemble any software, which is provided to it by the other
     Party in Object Code form only, without the express permission of the other
     Party.

     6.3  INTEL NOTICES: Symantec agrees to reproduce Intel's and Intel's
     vendors copyright notices on each copy of any product it manufactures or
     reproduces that contains in whole or in part, the Common Technology
     Software or the LDVP Software. Symantec agrees not to remove or obscure any
     copyright notices of Intel or its vendors or other proprietary notices on
     such software.

     6.4  SYMANTEC NOTICES: Intel agrees to reproduce Symantec's and Symantec's
     vendors copyright notices on each copy of any product it manufactures or
     reproduces that contains in whole or in part, the AVC Software. Intel
     agrees not to remove or obscure any copyright notices of Symantec or its
     vendors or other proprietary notices on such software.

     6.5  SHIPMENT OF NEW RELEASES AND MAINTENANCE UPDATES: Each Party will make
     reasonable efforts to incorporate new Releases and Maintenance Updates
     supplied by the other Party under the same terms and conditions as the
     previous Release into its products, which incorporate software licensed by
     the other Party as soon as is commercially reasonable. Moreover, the Party
     delivering such new Release or Maintenance Update will not be obligated to
     provide any support for the previous Release of the licensed software
     twelve (12) months after delivery of the new Release or Maintenance Update.


7.0  OWNERSHIP

     7.1  LDVP SOFTWARE AND COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE: Symantec acknowledges
     that, as between Symantec and Intel, Intel retains all rights, title and
     interest to the LDVP Software as delivered to Symantec and the Common
     Technology Software, including any derivatives of the Common Technology
     Software created by Intel or Symatec.

     7.2  LDVP DERIVATIVES CREATED BY SYMANTEC: Intel acknowledges that, as
     between Intel and Symantec, Symantec shall own all right, title and
     interest to all derivatives of the LDVP Software created by Symantec under
     the terms of this Agreement after the Execution Date.


                                      -10-

<PAGE>   11

     7.3  AVC SOFTWARE: Intel acknowledges that, as between Intel and Symantec,
     Symantec retains all rights, title and interest to the AVC Software.

     7.4  AVC SOFTWARE TRANSLATION DERIVATIVES: Intel acknowledges that, as
     between Intel and Symantec, Symantec shall own all right, title and
     interest to all translation derivatives of the AVC Software created
     pursuant to Section 5.3 above as well as all support obligations for such
     Translation Derivatives.


8.0  LANDESK BRAND ATTRIBUTION

     8.1  Symantec is granted no right, license, title or interest in or to any
     Intel trademarks, including the Intel LANDesk trademark ("LANDesk Mark").
     Symantec acknowledges and agrees that the LANDesk Mark may not be used as
     or as part of the title or brand name for Licensed Symantec Products (e.g.,
     "Norton LANDesk Antivirus"). However, Symantec may make a textual reference
     to the Licensed Symantec Products as being "designed for" or "for" use with
     "Intel LANDesk products" so long as such references (a) are truthful, fair,
     and not misleading and (b) are subject to the prior approval of Intel.

     8.2  Symantec agrees that it will make such textual references to the
     LANDesk Mark in conjunction with marketing collateral and product packaging
     for Licensed Symantec Products, to the extent the requirements of this
     Section are (i) consistent with Symantec co-marketing and branding
     guidelines and policies; (ii) not in conflict with any Symantec agreements
     with third parties. Symantec represents and warrants that it will not make
     the authorized textual reference to the LANDesk Mark on or in connection
     with any items other than the Licensed Symantec Products.

     8.3  Symantec acknowledges Intel's exclusive rights in and to the LANDesk
     Mark, and all goodwill associated therewith, and further acknowledges that
     all use by Symantec of the LANDesk Mark inures to the sole benefit of
     Intel. If, at any time, Symantec acquires any rights in, or registrations
     or applications for the LANDesk Mark by operation of law or otherwise,
     Symantec will immediately and at no expense to Intel assign such rights,
     registration(s) or application(s) to Intel, along with any associated
     goodwill. At no time during or after the term of this Agreement shall
     Symantec challenge or assist others to challenge the LANDesk Mark or the
     registration thereof or attempt or assist another in the attempt to
     register any trademarks, marks or similar rights for marks the same as or
     confusingly similar to the LANDesk Mark.

     8.4  Upon reasonable notice, Symantec agrees to allow Intel to inspect
     materials, such as advertising, packaging, manuals, instruction materials,
     splash screens, brochures, catalogs, point-of-purchase displays, etc.,
     which refer to the LANDesk Mark, to ensure that such references of the
     LANDesk Mark on Licensed Symantec Products and such materials complies with
     the terms of this Agreement.


9.0  SYMANTEC AND NORTON BRAND ATTRIBUTION


                                      -11-

<PAGE>   12

     9.1  Intel is granted no right, license, title or interest in or to any
     Symantec trademarks, including the Symantec and Norton AntiVirus trademarks
     ("Symantec Marks"). Intel acknowledges and agrees that the Symantec Marks
     may not be used as or as part of the title or brand name for Licensed Intel
     Products (e.g., "Norton LANDesk" or "Symantec LANDesk"). However, Intel may
     make a textual reference to the Licensed Intel Products as "including" or
     "with" Symantec or Norton AntiVirus so long as such references (a) are
     truthful, fair, and not misleading and (b) are subject to the prior
     approval of Intel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement will not
     prevent Intel from making fair use of the generic term "anti virus".

     9.2  Intel agrees that it will make textual references to the Symantec
     Marks in conjunction with marketing collateral and product packaging for
     LANDesk branded Licensed Intel Products, to the extent the requirements of
     this Section are (i) consistent with Intel co-marketing and branding
     guidelines and policies; (ii) not in conflict with any Intel agreements
     with third parties. Intel represents and warrants that it will not make
     textual references to the Symantec Marks on or in connection with any items
     other than the Licensed Intel Products.

     9.3  Intel acknowledges Symantec's exclusive rights in and to the Symantec
     Marks, and all goodwill associated therewith, and further acknowledges that
     all use by Intel of the Symantec Marks inures to the sole benefit of
     Symantec. If, at any time, Intel acquires any rights in, or registrations
     or applications for the Symantec Marks by operation of law or otherwise,
     Intel will immediately and at no expense to Symantec assign such rights,
     registration(s) or application(s) to Symantec, along with any associated
     goodwill. At no time during or after the term of this Agreement shall Intel
     challenge or assist others to challenge the Symantec Marks or the
     registration thereof or attempt or assist another in the attempt to
     register any trademarks, marks or similar rights for marks the same as or
     confusingly similar to the Symantec Marks.

     9.4  Upon reasonable notice, Intel agrees to allow Symantec to inspect
     materials, such as advertising, packaging, manuals, instruction materials,
     splash screens, brochures, catalogs, point-of-purchase displays, etc.,
     which refer to the Symantec Marks, to ensure that such references of the
     Symantec Marks on Licensed Intel Products and such materials complies with
     the terms of this Agreement.


10.0 SUPPORT

     10.1 LDVP SOFTWARE SUPPORT: Intel will provide engineering support to
     Symantec until 90 days after the completed LDVP Software version 6.0 has
     been delivered as per section 2.1 to Symantec. In any event, support from
     Intel will not extend beyond July 8, 1999.

     10.2 COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE SUPPORT: Both Parties will provide ongoing
     support to each other for integration of Common Technology Software into
     Licensed Symantec Products. This support will consist of providing API
     definitions and updates, as well as engineer to engineer support as
     required from time to time and as agreed to by the Parties. Both Parties
     will make reasonable efforts to allow the other to meet their delivery
     schedules. In addition, both Parties will make reasonable efforts to keep
     their respective API's consistent over time. Upon request from Symantec,
     Intel will make up to 120 hours 


                                      -12-

<PAGE>   13

     of engineering assistance available on-site at Symantec's facilities for
     consultation/integration support of the Common Technology Software
     throughout the 1999 calendar year to be made reasonably available within
     ten (10) days after requested.

     10.3 AVC SOFTWARE SUPPORT: Both Parties will provide ongoing support to
     each other for integration of the AVC Software into Licensed Intel
     Products. This will consist of providing API definitions and updates, as
     well as engineer to engineer support as required from time to time as
     agreed to by the Parties. Both Parties will make reasonable efforts to
     allow the other to meet their delivery schedules. In addition, both Parties
     will make reasonable efforts to keep their respective API's consistent over
     time. Upon request from Intel, Symantec will make up to 120 hours of
     engineering assistance available on-site at Intel's facilities for
     consultation/integration support of the AVC Software (including the
     underlying AV scan engine) throughout the 1999 calendar year to be made
     reasonably available within ten (10) days after requested.

     10.4 END-USER SUPPORT:

          10.4.1 Intel acknowledges that any end user support for version 5.X of
          LANDesk Virus Protect and previous versions of the product will be
          performed by Intel, including, without limitation, all such support
          required pursuant to the SMAs or VPAs assigned or otherwise
          transferred to Symantec hereunder and the support contracts for these
          versions of the LDVP Software entered into by Symantec after the
          Execution Date, provided however that Intel shall not be obligated to
          provide support materially different than the support it currently
          provides to its LANDesk Virus Protect customers. Moreover, in no event
          shall this support obligation extend beyond June 30, 1999. After June
          30, 1999, any remaining support obligations to end users of LANDesk
          Virus Protect Software will be provided solely by Symantec.

          10.4.2 Intel will provide first line support to end users with
          questions regarding AVC Software, which has been shipped with Licensed
          Intel Products. If Intel is unable to resolve the problem, it will be
          escalated to Symantec who will work to resolve the problem through
          Intel or directly with the end-user at Intel's discretion.

     10.5 ONGOING SUPPORT: As between Intel and Symantec, engineer to engineer
     support will be provided pursuant to Exhibit C.

     10.6 SUPPORT PLAN: Symantec and Intel will establish a mutually agreed upon
     support plan including contacts, escalation procedures between the
     companies, training schedules, and customer hand-off guidelines and both
     Parties will make reasonable efforts to execute on such plan.

     10.7 VIRUS DISCOVERY AND RESPONSE PROCEDURES: Symantec shall provide virus
     detection and resolution to Intel and Intel's customers which is the same
     or better as the support it provides to its own customers generally.
     Symantec acknowledges that Intel may, from time to time in its sole
     discretion, request priority support for certain of its customers, and that
     Symantec will provide such priority customers with the same level of
     support it provides to its most favored enterprise level customers.


                                      -13-

<PAGE>   14

     10.8 NO CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT: Both Parties acknowledge that any special
     development requirements beyond creation of standard API definitions may
     require reasonable NRE, as subsequently agreed to by the Parties.

     10.9 SUPPORT FOR COMPLETION OF LDVP VERSION 6.0 FROM SYMANTEC: Symantec
     will fund (as set forth in provision 11.1.2 and 11.2.2) two dedicated
     quality assurance heads on site at Intel in Utah beginning at the Execution
     Date to support Intel efforts to complete LDVP version 6.0 per the delivery
     requirements in Section 2.1. Symantec will also utilize this time to
     facilitate the transition of and training related to the LDVP business.
     Symantec will also provide one program manager to assist in coordinating
     the above activities.

11.0 ROYALTIES & PAYMENTS

     11.1 ROYALTIES AND PAYMENTS TO INTEL

          11.1.2 CONSIDERATION FOR TRANSFER OF LDVP BUSINESS: In consideration
          for the transition of Intel's LANDesk Virus Protect business and
          associated good will to Symantec under this Agreement, Symantec shall,
          within 10 days after the Execution Date, pay to Intel thirteen million
          dollars ($13M) plus the cost of funding two (2) dedicated quality
          assurance engineers (as discussed in Section 10.9) not to exceed one
          hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) and less both (i) 80% of all LDVP
          5.X Net Revenue from 7/8/98 to the Execution Date and (ii) 90% of all
          LDVP 5.X related SMA Net Revenue from 7/8/98 to the Execution Date..

          11.1.3 FRONT END ROYALTIES FOR LDVP SOFTWARE AND COMMON TECHNOLOGY
          SOFTWARE: Symantec shall pay Intel a royalty of [*] dollars ($[*]) in
          partial consideration of the license of the LDVP Software and the
          Common Technology Software within 10 days after the Execution Date and
          an additional one million dollar ($1M) royalty within 30 days of Intel
          delivering the completed LDVP Software version 6.0 to Symantec per
          section 2.1 or upon first commercial shipment of any Symantec product
          which incorporates either the derivative LDVP Software or Common
          Technology Software, whichever occurs first.

          11.1.4 BACK END ROYALTIES FOR LDVP SOFTWARE AND COMMON TECHNOLOGY
          SOFTWARE: Symantec shall pay Intel an additional royalty of [*]
          dollars ($[*]) in partial consideration of the license of the LDVP
          Software and the Common Technology Software, paid in quarterly
          installments of $181,818.18/quarter beginning within 30 days after the
          end of the quarter in which Intel delivers the completed LDVP Software
          version 6.0 to Symantec per Section 2.1 hereof, and continuing for 11
          consecutive calendar quarters payable within 30 days after the end of
          each quarter.

          11.1.5 ROYALTY CREDIT: Symantec hereby grants to Intel a two million
          dollar ($2M) royalty credit, which may be applied without limitation,
          at any time to this or any future small business-related contract
          between the two Parties. Intel acknowledges that this credit may not
          be applied to Section 11.2.2 nor to the Net Revenue in 11.1.2 received
          by Intel for sale of LDVP 5.X from July 8, 1998 to the Execution Date,
          nor to Section 11.1.7.


* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -14-

<PAGE>   15

          11.1.6 SUPPORT PAYMENT: Symantec shall pay to Intel five hundred
          thousand dollars ($500,000) within thirty (30) days after the
          Execution Date, to cover Intel's ongoing support of LDVP Software
          Version 5.X and earlier end users.0

          11.1.7 REVENUE SHARING PAYMENTS TO INTEL: Symantec shall pay to Intel
          [*] percent ([*]%) of Symantec's Net Revenue for the Revenue Share
          Products (as defined below) up to fifteen million dollars ($15M)
          received by Intel per revenue sharing period and ten percent (10%) of
          Symantec's Net Revenue for the Revenue Share Products for the
          remainder of that revenue sharing period. The initial revenue sharing
          period shall run from the Execution Date through the first Symantec
          fiscal quarter end that is at least one year after the Execution Date.
          Each revenue sharing period thereafter shall run for one year
          commencing on the first day of the Symantec fiscal quarter following
          the end of the prior period. Termination of this Agreement will
          automatically terminate the revenue sharing period. "Revenue Share
          Products" shall mean Symantec's anti-virus products designed and
          marketed specifically for the LANDesk platform ("designed for
          LANDesk(R) products, including AV Subscriptions for LANDesk(R)
          products"), upgrade insurance for such products, and any LDVP Software
          (version 5.X), or LDVP Software (version 5.x) related SMA's thereon,
          sold by Intel. The Net Revenue of Symantec for the Revenue Share
          Products shall initially be measured by Net Revenue derived from
          separate skus for NAV for LANDesk and associated upgrade insurance. If
          Symantec at any point during the term of this Agreement ceases to
          maintain such separate skus, Net Revenue for the applicable Revenue
          Share Product shall be determined by other reasonable methods agreed
          by the parties, including, without limitation, technology tracking or
          registration. Symantec acknowledges that it will provide "designed for
          LANDesk(R) products" versions of all Symantec anti-virus products
          (including foreign language versions thereof) in all countries and all
          direct and indirect channels where Symantec distributes its anti-virus
          products. In the event that Intel sells both its LANDesk Management
          Suite business and its LANDesk Client Manager business to [*] (or any
          of their respective successors in interest or assigns), then Symantec
          shall owe no further royalty to Intel under this provision effective
          on the date of closing of such a sale. In the event Intel sells its
          LANDesk Management Suite business, Symantec shall owe no further
          royalty to Intel under this provision with respect to LANDesk
          Management Suite-related product sales.

          11.1.8 FUNDING FOR MARKETING ACTIVITIES: Symantec will accumulate
          marketing dollars at a rate of 4% for all sales by either party of
          Revenue Share Products, sale of LDVP 5.X and related SMA's from July
          8, 1998 to the Execution Date and sale of AV Subscriptions by Intel as
          referenced in 11.1.7 above. Intel may request reimbursement to be paid
          quarterly for any marketing activities against accumulated dollars
          based on a mutually agreed upon written marketing plan.

          11.1.9 FUTURE COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE ROYALTIES: In the event
          Symantec chooses to extend the Common Technology Software license in
          Section 4.2 and 4.3 beyond the term of this Agreement, Symantec will
          pay to Intel a minimum royalty of $150,000 per year due at the
          beginning of the period, and payable at a rate of 1% of Net Revenue of
          such Licensed Symantec Products up to Net Revenue of $30,000,000 and
          0.5% of the Net Revenue exceeding $30,000,000. Minimum payments and
          revenue percentages shall be reset yearly.

     11.2 ROYALTIES AND PAYMENTS TO SYMANTEC


* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -15-

<PAGE>   16

          11.2.1 AVC PATTERN FILE UPDATES: Intel shall pay to Symantec a royalty
          of [*]% for all AV Subscriptions sold by Intel in conjunction with
          Intel's Answer Express sm service offering/products (or their logical
          successors). This may be broken into smaller units (i.e. $/month) or
          included as part of a larger bundle of products and services. If any
          product is distributed with other products or services in a package
          for a single price, the Net Revenue attributable to such product will
          be determined by prorating the receipts from the sale or license of
          the package according to the suggested retail prices, or if no
          suggested retail price is announced, the values established by Intel,
          for the separate works contained in the package, whether or not such
          products are distributed separately, provided that such values are
          reasonably related to the values, marketing potentials or cost of the
          separate products. In any event, if the MSRP exceeds $30, then $30
          shall be used. If the MSRP is less than $10, $10 shall be used
          (however, if the Symantec MSRP has not increased beyond $10 after 270
          days from the Execution Date, then the actual MSRP shall be used).

          11.2.2 LANDESK VIRUS PROTECT REVENUE: Intel will transfer to Symantec
          100% of Net Revenue it receives after the Execution Date that is
          attributable to sales of LDVP version 5.X, including any SMA
          agreements thereon on a quarterly basis net of any difference in the
          estimated cost of QA engineers (as referenced in provision 10.9 and
          11.1.2) and actual expenditures. Symantec acknowledges that the Net
          Revenue could be negative which would constitute a payment to Intel.
          Upon request, Intel will provide Symantec with updates on outstanding
          inventory valuations for LANDesk Virus Protect 5.X.

          11.2.3 OTHER SYMANTEC PRODUCTS: Symantec acknowledges that in any
          future agreements, Intel shall pay Symantec no more than the lowest
          price available to Symantec's distributors for the highest volume.

     11.3 TRANSITION TERMS FOR SCAN ENGINE/PATTERN FILES/SUPPORT: As of July 8,
     1998, Intel shall owe Symantec no royalties for either the Symantec or IBM
     anti-virus scan engine licensed to Intel pursuant to the IBM OEM
     Distribution Agreement dated December 30, 1997, which was assigned to
     Symantec on May 18, 1998, provided that the scan engines, virus pattern
     file updates and support provided to Intel under that agreement may only be
     used in Intel's LANDesk Virus Protect product and other Intel products and
     services incorporating the LANDesk Virus Protect product until such time as
     Intel is able to reasonably transition customers to the products containing
     the AVC Software. Intel agrees to terminate the IBM OEM Distribution
     Agreement dated December 30, 1997 as soon as it is able to successfully
     transition its products and customers which are currently shipping with the
     IBM AV scan engine as long as Symantec acknowledges it will provide the
     support obligations stated therein as requested by Intel.

     11.4 ROLL-OVER OF PREPAID ROYALTIES: Intel shall owe Symantec no royalties
     for the AVC pattern files updates or AVC Software used in Intel products
     other than LANDesk branded software products until such a time as $750K of
     the advanced royalty payment of $1.75M made by Intel is fully applied
     (including any application of such advance payment to royalties earned
     prior to July 8, 1998) pursuant to the IBM OEM Distribution Agreement dated
     December 30, 1997, which was assigned to Symantec on May 18, 1998. In no
     event shall the advanced royalty payment be applied after December 31,
     1999.


* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -16-

<PAGE>   17

12.0 MARKETING

     12.1 MARKETING PLAN: The Parties will jointly define and execute a written
     marketing plan to transition LANDesk(R) Virus Protect business to Symantec
     and build and grow the revenue stream for Symantec sales of anti-virus
     products and associated technologies into the LANDesk customer base,
     including (i) PR; (ii) programs; (iii) joint customer visits; (iv)
     advertising; and (v) analyst tours.

     12.2 PR: Subject to approval by both Parties' PR departments, Intel and
     Symantec will jointly develop a press announcement regarding the anti-virus
     relationship established by this Agreement. Additionally, Intel will
     support an announcement of Symantec's "digital immune system" once it is
     available to Intel and its customers.

     12.3 LDVP MARKETING INFORMATION: Intel will transfer to Symantec available
     worldwide marketing information relevant to LANDesk Virus Protect products,
     as permitted by law, specifically including customer and channel
     information.

     12.4 Intel will provide marketing activities as defined in the Exhibit B.


13.0 REPORTS & PAYMENTS

     13.1 REPORTS: Within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar
     quarter, each Party shall submit a report to the other, in a form
     reasonably acceptable to the other and signed by an authorized
     representative of the Party, which will set forth the basis for calculating
     all royalties and/or payments due to either Party during that quarter.

     13.2 PAYMENT: Within such thirty (30) days, each Party shall, irrespective
     of its own business and accounting methods, pay in United States Dollars to
     the other Party any royalties and/or payments payable for such quarter as
     shown in the statement. Royalties/payments due to Intel pursuant hereto
     will be paid by check tendered or wire transfer at the following address:

          Remittance Address                 Wire Transfer Account
          Intel Corporation                         CITIBANK
          Post Contract Management           New York, New York
          5200 N.E. Elam Young Parkway       ABA #021000089
          Hillsboro, OR  97124               General Account 38385954
          Attn:  Sheryl White

     Royalties/payments due to Symantec pursuant hereto will be paid by check
     tendered or wire transfer at the following address:

          Remittance Address                 Wire Transfer Account

          Symantec Corporation               Bank of America, 1850 Gateway Blvd
          c/o Bank of America, Dept. 5190    Concord, CA  94520
          1455 Market St., 21st Floor        ABA #(within US):121-000-358


                                      -17-

<PAGE>   18

          San Francisco, CA   94103          Acct. #12338-10287 (for U.S.)
                                             SWIFT ADDRESS (outside of US): BOFA
                                             US 6S


     13.3 LATE PAYMENT: Each Party agrees that any payments required under the
     terms of this Agreement which are not paid when due will accrue interest at
     the prime lending rate established by Citibank, New York, commencing thirty
     (30) days after the due date as established by this Agreement. The right to
     collect interest on such late payments shall be in addition to any other
     rights that either Party may have.

     13.4 AUDIT RIGHTS: Each Party agrees to make and to maintain until the
     expiration of three (3) years after the last payment under this Agreement
     is due, sufficient books, records and accounts regarding such Party's
     manufacturing and sales activities in order to calculate and confirm its
     royalty obligations hereunder. Each Party shall have the right not more
     than once every twelve (12) months to, directly or through an agent
     reasonably acceptable to the other Party, examine such books, records and
     accounts, upon reasonable notice and during the other Party's normal
     business hours, to verify that Party's reports on the amount of payments
     made under this Agreement. If any such examination discloses a shortfall or
     overpayment in the fees due hereunder, the appropriate Party shall
     reimburse the other Party for the full amount of such shortfall or
     overpayment. Should the audit discover any errors or omissions by one Party
     which have a value of more than five percent (5%) of the amounts due with
     respect to the period being audited, that Party shall reimburse the other
     Party for the costs of such audit.


14.0 TERM & TERMINATION

     14.1 TERM: The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Execution Date,
     and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, which term shall be
     automatically renewed for additional one (1) year periods, unless
     terminated by either Party in writing at least ninety (90) days before any
     renewal date, or unless otherwise terminated under the terms of this
     Agreement.

     14.2 TERMINATION FOR CAUSE: This Agreement may be terminated by either
     Party upon notice, if the other Party: (i) breaches any material term or
     condition of this Agreement and fails to remedy the breach within sixty
     (60) days after being given notice thereof: (ii) becomes the subject of any
     voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy code or state
     insolvency proceeding and such proceeding is not terminated within sixty
     (60) days of its commencement; or (iii) ceases to be actively engaged in
     business.

     14.3 EFFECT OF EXPIRATION/TERMINATION: In the event of termination or
     expiration of this Agreement, all licenses and rights granted hereunder
     (with the exception of the licenses granted in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and
     4.4 which shall survive provided that the licensing Party continues to pay
     any applicable royalties) shall terminate. However, each Party may continue
     to exercise the rights and licenses granted hereunder as necessary to
     provide maintenance and technical support to existing sublicensees.
     Moreover, each Party may continue to distribute any inventory of Licensed
     Intel Products or Licensed Symantec Products existing at the date of
     termination or expiration. The termination or expiration of this Agreement
     will not terminate any use license granted to any end-user by either Party.


                                      -18-

<PAGE>   19

15.0 INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATIONS

     15.1 INDEMNIFICATION: Each Party will defend or settle any suit or
     proceeding brought against the other Party arising out of any actual or
     alleged:

     a.   claim that any software supplied by it to the other Party hereunder or
          part thereof, alone and not in combination with any other product,
          constitutes an infringement of any U.S. patent, copyright or
          misappropriation of any third party trade secret, and pay all damages
          finally awarded against the other Party;

     b.   breach by such Party of any agreement assigned hereunder during the
          time such Party was a party to the agreement; or

     c.   breach by such Party of any representation or warranty made by such
          Party under Section 16.0;

     provided that: (i) the indemnifying Party is notified promptly in writing
     of such claim; (ii) the indemnifying Party controls the defense or
     settlement of the claim; and (iii) the other Party cooperates reasonably
     and gives all necessary authority, information and assistance (at the
     indemnifying Party's expense). The indemnifying Party will pay all damages
     and costs finally awarded against the other Party, but the indemnifying
     Party will not be responsible for any costs, expenses or compromise
     incurred or made by the other Party without the indemnifying Party's prior
     written consent.

     15.2 LIMITED REMEDIES: If the use of any software supplied under this
     agreement is permanently enjoined, or either Party determines in its
     reasonable discretion that it may be enjoined, that Party may, at its sole
     discretion and at its own expense: (i) procure for the other Party the
     right to continue using said software; (ii) replace the same with
     non-infringing software; (iii) modify it so that it becomes non-infringing;
     or (iv) if such Party is unable to reasonably do any of the above and if
     the other Party is enjoined from distributing the software, refund any
     royalties paid for the infringing software which has not yet been
     distributed.

     15.3 LIMITATIONS: Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party supplying
     software under this agreement will not be liable for any costs or damages,
     and the Party receiving software under this Agreement will indemnify,
     defend and hold the supplying Party harmless from any expenses, damages,
     costs or losses resulting from any suit or proceeding based upon a claim
     arising from (i) the combination of software supplied under this Agreement
     with any other product, where such claim would not have arisen from the use
     of such software standing alone, except where there is no substantial
     non-infringing use of such software other than as part of that combination,
     (ii) any modification of software supplied under this Agreement, after
     delivery of the software to the receiving Party, where such infringement
     would not have occurred but for such modifications, (iii) compliance with
     the receiving Party's designs, specifications or instructions; (iv) breach
     of any warranty made by the receiving Party to any third party.

     15.4 DISCLAIMER: THE FOREGOING STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS
     OF BOTH PARTIES AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF EACH WITH RESPECT TO ANY
     ALLEGED OR ACTUAL INFRINGEMENT OF PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR


                                      -19-

<PAGE>   20

     OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS BY THE SOFTWARE LICENSED UNDER THIS
     AGREEMENT.


16.0 REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES

     16.1 INTEL LIMITED REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES: Intel represents and
     warrants that:

     a.   it has full corporate authority to enter into and fulfill its
          obligations under this Agreement;

     b.   it has not previously and will not grant any rights to any third party
          that are inconsistent with the rights granted to Symantec under this
          Agreement;

     c.   neither Intel's execution nor performance of this Agreement will
          result in a breach of any agreement or obligation by which Intel is
          bound; and

     d.   Intel has provided to Symantec true and complete copies of all current
          VPAs and other agreements to be provided to Symantec hereunder

     e.   Intel has provided to Symantec true and complete list of third party
          content in LDVP Software as set forth in Exhibit A .

     f.   During the Agreement term, unless otherwise authorized in the
          Agreement or by subsequent written agreement of the Parties, Intel (i)
          will not use the Antivirus Specific Software in the stand alone
          antivirus business, (ii) will not use the Antivirus Specific Software
          to facilitate any thrid party to get involved with the antivirus
          business, and (iii) will not use the Antivirus Specific Software to
          facilitate any third party improving their antivirus business.


     16.2 SYMANTEC LIMITED REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES: Symantec represents and
     warrants that:

     a.   it has full corporate authority to enter into and fulfill its
          obligations under this Agreement;

     b.   it has not previously and will not grant any rights to any third party
          that are inconsistent with the rights granted to Intel under this
          Agreement; and

     c.   neither Symantec's execution nor performance of this Agreement will
          result in a breach of any agreement or obligation by which Symantec is
          bound;


     16.3 DISCLAIMER: THIS SECTION 16 CONTAINS THE ONLY WARRANTIES MADE BY INTEL
     AND SYMANTEC. ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED AND
     DECLINED. EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 16, EACH PARTY
     DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, PROMISES AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING
     IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR
     FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


                                      -20-

<PAGE>   21

17.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY
TO THE OTHER PARTY, END USERS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY, FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR
THE DESIGNS, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION OR OTHER TECHNOLOGY PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THIS
AGREEMENT, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT
SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, PROVIDED HOWEVER
THAT THIS LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY MATERIAL BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF
THE LICENSES GRANTED UNDER SECTIONS 4 AND 5 OF THIS AGREEMENT. MOREOVER, IN NO
EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR: (i) ANY INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS
FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT ARISING UNDER SECTION 15.1.a OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED
TEN (10) MILLION DOLLARS; OR (ii) ANY OTHER CLAIMS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT,
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT OR TRADE
SECRET MISAPPROPRIATION ARISING UNDER SECTION 15.1.a OF THIS AGREEMENT OR BREACH
OF THE SOURCE CODE CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISION AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 18.2.1,
EXCEED FIVE (5) MILLION DOLLARS. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDIES
HEREUNDER.


18.0 ADDITIONAL TERMS

     18.1 DISCLOSURES OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: The terms, and conditions of
     this Agreement are confidential and neither Party may make any disclosures
     regarding this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the
     other, with the following exceptions:

     a.   subject to (b) below, as otherwise may be required by law or legal
          process, including, without limitation, any requirements of the
          securities laws or regulations that either Party disclose the
          existence and terms of this Agreement, and to legal and financial
          advisors in their capacity of advising a Party in such matters; or

     b.   during the course of litigation so long as the disclosure of such
          terms and conditions are restricted in the same manner as is the
          confidential information of other litigating parties and so long as
          (i) the restrictions are embodied in a court-entered Protective Order
          and (ii) the disclosing Party informs the other Party in writing in
          advance of the disclosure; or

     c.   in confidence to its legal counsel, accountants, banks and financing
          sources and their advisors.

     18.2 CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT: Disclosures of confidential and proprietary
     information by either Party to the other Party hereunder shall be governed
     by the Intel Corporate Non-disclosure Agreement ("CNDA") number 07284,
     executed by the Parties which Agreement is hereby incorporated and made
     part of this Agreement.


                                      -21-

<PAGE>   22

          18.2.1 SOURCE CODE CONFIDENTIALITY: Notwithstanding the
          confidentiality provisions set forth in Sections 18.1 and 18.2 above
          and with regard to any software provided or otherwise disclosed in
          Source Code form by a Party of this Agreement (the "Disclosing Party")
          to the other Party (the "Receiving Party"), the Receiving Party
          acknowledges that such Source Code is represented to be the trade
          secret and confidential information of the Disclosing Party or its
          licensors and agrees to exercise the same degree of care in preventing
          the disclosure of such Source Code as the Receiving Party uses to
          protect its own Source Code and/or similar types of proprietary trade
          secrets. At a minimum, the Receiving Party agrees to limit the
          disclosure of the Source Code to its own employees which have a need
          to access the Source Code to perform their job and to not disclose the
          Source Code to any third party individual, corporation, independent
          contractor, consultant or other entity without the prior written
          consent of the Disclosing Party. This obligation shall not applly to
          any Source Code which is:

          a.   published or otherwise available to the public other than by
               breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party; or

          b.   rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party
               without obligations of confidentiality; or

          c.   independently developed by the Receiving Party by employees
               having no access to the Source Code; or

          d.   known to the Receiving Party prior to its first receipt of the
               same from the Disclosing Party; or

          e.   hereinafter intentionally disclosed by the Disclosing Party to a
               third party without restriction on disclosure.

     18.3 CONFLICTS: In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any
     other document related to the subject matter of this Agreement, or the body
     of this Agreement and any of the Exhibits to this Agreement, the terms of
     this Agreement, or the body of this Agreement as the case may be, shall
     govern.

     18.4 FORCE MAJEURE: Neither Party will be liable for any failure to perform
     due to unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control,
     including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, riot, embargoes, acts of
     civil or military authorities, delay in delivery by vendors, fire, flood,
     accident, strikes, inability to secure transportation, facilities, fuel,
     energy, labor, or materials. In the event of force majeure, time for
     delivery or other performance will be extended for a period equal to the
     duration of the delay caused thereby.

     18.5 EXPORT: Neither Party shall export, either directly or indirectly, any
     software or products incorporating such software, in whole or in part,
     without first obtaining any required license or other approval from the U.
     S. Department of Commerce or any other agency or department of the United
     States Government or applicable foreign governments. In the event the
     Licensed Intel Products, Licensed Symantec Products are exported from the
     United States or re-exported from a foreign destination by the other Party,
     its 


                                      -22-

<PAGE>   23

     distributors or end users, such Party shall ensure that the distribution
     and export/re-export is in compliance with all laws, regulations, orders,
     or other restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and any
     applicable foreign laws or regulations. Each Party agrees that neither it
     nor any of its Subsidiaries will export/re-export any technical data,
     process, or service, directly or indirectly, to any country for which the
     United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license,
     other governmental approval, or letter of assurance, without first
     obtaining such license, approval or letter.

     18.6 NOTICES: Any notice required or permitted to be given under this
     Agreement shall be effective if it is in writing and sent by certified or
     registered mail, return receipt requested, to the appropriate Party hereto
     at the address set forth below and appropriate postage affixed. Either
     Party may change its address for receipt of notice by notice to the other
     Party in accordance with this Section.

     Notices shall be deemed given on the date of mailing and the date of notice
     shall be the date of mailing.

     If to Symantec:

                   Symantec Corporation
                   10201 Torre Avenue
                   Cupertino, CA  95014
                   Attn:  General Counsel

     If to Intel:

                   Intel Corporation
                   2200 Mission College Blvd.
                   Santa Clara, CA 95052
                   Attn:  General Counsel

     With a copy to:

                   Intel Corporation
                   2111 NE 25th Ave
                   Hillsboro, OR  97124
                   Mailstop JF3-147
                   Attn:  General Counsel

     18.7 SURVIVAL: 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 (subject to the terms of 11.1.9) and 4.4, 6,
     7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18.

     18.8 ASSIGNMENT: This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise
     transferred, nor, except as expressly provided herein, may any right or
     obligation hereunder be assigned or transferred, to a third party by either
     Party without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained herein to the contrary,
     either Party may transfer or assign its licenses, rights and obligations
     under this Agreement, or any part thereof to (i) a directly or indirectly
     controlled Subsidiary or to a parent company who has sufficient resources
     and rights to fulfill the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) a successor to
     all or substantially all of the business or assets relating to 


                                      -23-

<PAGE>   24

     this Agreement who has sufficient resources and rights to fulfill the terms
     of this Agreement whether by sale, merger, operation of law or otherwise.
     Provided, however, that Symantec may elect to block a transfer or
     assignment to [*], or their respective successors in interest and assigns.
     Except as provided above, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
     bind and inure to each Party's successors and assigns.

     18.9 SPIN-OFF OF BUSINESS OPERATION OR DIVISION: In the event that Intel
     spins-off or otherwise divests all or part of a business operation or
     division which sells or distributes Licensed Intel Products (e.g., the
     Internet Services Operation or Systems Management Division) into a new
     independent business entity, Symantec agrees to license the AVC Software to
     the successor entity under substantially the same terms and conditions as
     which they are licensed to Intel herein, provided that such successor
     entity has sufficient resources to fulfill the applicable terms of this
     Agreement, and provided that any such successor entity is not an antivirus
     competitor.

     18.10 RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES: In all matters relating to this
     Agreement, Symantec and Intel shall act as independent contractors. Neither
     Party will represent that it has any authority to assume or create any
     obligation, expressed or implied, on behalf of the other Party, or to
     represent the other Party as agent, employee, or in any other capacity.
     Neither Party shall have any obligation, expressed or implied, except as
     expressly set forth herein.

     18.11 INTERPRETATION: This Agreement, including any exhibits, addenda,
     schedules, and amendments, has been negotiated at arm's length and between
     persons sophisticated and knowledgeable in the matters dealt with in this
     Agreement. Each Party has been represented by experienced and knowledgeable
     legal counsel. Accordingly, any rule of law (including California Civil
     Code Section 1654) or legal decision that would require interpretation of
     any ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that has drafted it is
     not applicable and is waived.

     18.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement
     between the Parties and supersedes prior and contemporaneous proposals,
     agreements, and representations between them, whether written or oral,
     relating to the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement may be
     changed only if agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized signatory
     of each Party.

     18.13 SEVERABILITY: All rights and remedies, whether conferred hereunder or
     by any other instrument or law, will be cumulative and may be exercised
     singularly or concurrently. The failure of any Party to enforce any of the
     provisions hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of the right of
     such Party thereafter to enforce such provisions. The terms and conditions
     stated herein are declared to be severable. If any provision or provisions
     of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
     the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions
     shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

     18.14 COUNTERPARTS: This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
     each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
     constitute one and the same instrument.


* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -24-

<PAGE>   25

     18.15 INJUNCTIVE RELIEF: The Parties agree that preliminary injunctive or
     other equitable relief will be a necessary and proper remedy in the event
     of a breach of this Agreement in violation of either Party's intellectual
     property rights. The Parties further agree that in the event such equitable
     relief is granted in the United States, they will not object to courts in
     other jurisdictions granting provisional remedies enforcing such U.S.
     judgments.

     18.16 DISPUTE RESOLUTION: The parties agree to negotiate in good faith to
     resolve any dispute between them regarding this Agreement. If the
     negotiations do not resolve the dispute to the reasonable satisfaction of
     both parties, then each Party will nominate one senior officer of the rank
     of Vice President or higher as its representative. These representatives
     will, within thirty (30) days of a written request by either Party to call
     such a meeting, meet in person and alone (except for one assistant for each
     Party) and will attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute. If the
     disputes cannot be resolved by such senior managers in such meeting, the
     parties agree that they will, if requested in writing by either Party, meet
     within thirty (30) days after such written notification for one day with an
     impartial mediator and consider dispute resolution alternatives other than
     litigation. If an alternative method of dispute resolution is not agreed
     upon within thirty (30) days after the one day mediation, either Party may
     begin litigation proceedings. This procedure will be a required
     prerequisite before taking any additional action hereunder. Notwithstanding
     the foregoing, either Party may seek immediate injunctive or other interim
     relief from court of competent jurisdiction.

     18.17 GOVERNING LAW: Any claims arising under or relating to this Agreement
     shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware
     or federal courts located in Delaware, without regard to principles of
     conflict of laws. Each Party hereby agrees to jurisdiction and venue in the
     courts of the State of Delaware for all disputes and litigation arising
     under or relating to this Agreement. This provision is meant to comply with
     6 Del. C. Section 2708(a).


                                      -25-

<PAGE>   26

AGREED:

INTEL CORPORATION                              SYMANTEC CORPORATION


By:                                            By: 
   ----------------------------------             ------------------------------

Edward D. Ekstrom 
- -------------------------------------          ---------------------------------
Printed Name                                   Printed Name

Title: Vice President, New Business Group      Title: 
- --------------------------------------------
General Manager, Systems Management Division
- --------------------------------------------

Date: September 27th, 1998                     Date: September 27th, 1998
    -------------------------------------           ----------------------------


                                      -26-

<PAGE>   27

                                    EXHIBIT A

                             Description of Software


LDVP SOFTWARE: 

LANDesk Virus Protect ("LDVP") Software as incorporated into the alpha version
of LDVP version 6.0, the production version of LDVP version 5.0, and the future
production version of LDVP version 6.0 as defined by Intel (less mail extensions
and foreign language translations) and includes all code with the exception of
any 3rd party content and the Common Technology Software defined below provides
integrated, centrally-managed virus protection for both desktops and servers.
NetWare 3.12-5.0 and NTS 3.51 & 4.0 are supported, as well as NTW 3.51 & 4.0,
Windows 95, Windows 3.1x, and DOS desktops. A system administrator can define
one to many anti-virus domains with any number of servers (any listed NOS) and
connected clients (any listed OS) in each. Configuration can be done at the
domain, server & clients, server only, and client only levels. The administrator
can "lock" any desktop configurations desired. The locked configuration cannot
be modified at the desktop, while the unlocked configurations may be modified by
the user. Real-time and manual scanning is provided. Manual scans include
start-up scans, any number of scheduled scans, scan now, screen-saver scan, and
virus sweep. If the administrator suspects a virus outbreak, they can initiate
an immediate virus sweep of all machines in a domain via one click.

Server protection includes an Integrity Shield which alerts if specified files
are requested for access/modify/rename/delete. A set of automatic actions can be
configured to trigger when a macro or non-macro virus is found. The auto-actions
include clean/delete/move/rename/leave alone. LDVP software allows the same
actions after-the-fact (user can set both primary and secondary action to "leave
alone", then review the infected files and specify the action). LDVP Software
provides the following reports: Virus History, Scan History, and Event Log.
These are kept as text logs so require no database. Desktop logs are
automatically rolled up their server. The administrator console can view the
integrated logs.

The architecture separates the Network Policy Management from the actual scan
technology. The LDVP Software makes all configuration decisions, then sends one
file with one action request to the scan engine via an API. All anti-virus
domain and configuration information is kept in the local registry of each
machine. The primary server for each domain additionally maintains the domain
information in the registry. The LDVP 6.0 product scans email attachments for
viruses. cc:Mail is scanned on the desktop. MS Exchange and Lotus Notes provide
both server and desktop scanning. The console is also componentized to allow
snap-in/out of email server & client scanning.

The LDVP Software includes, without limitation, all software code comprising
LDVP Software Versions 5.0 and 6.0 except for the Common Technology Software and
the Third Party Software.


COMMON TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE:

Common Base Agent Ping Discovery Service defines protocols used to discover and
communicate with remote applications on the network. Ping Discovery Service is
used by 


                                      -27-

<PAGE>   28

LANDesk Virus Protect (LDVP) to discover all connected servers that have LDVP
installed. Ping Discovery Service, or simply discovery, is a client/server
process, where the client and server nodes can be of any type, not just file
servers and application servers. LDVP uses it to discover servers with LDVP
installed.

Common Base Agent Network Transport System is a protocol-independent transport
system. NTS allows an application to send datagrams using an underlying protocol
of choice such as IP, IPX, NetBIOS, etc. NTS is implemented as a static library
that provides a common set of APIs for Netware, Windows NT, and Windows 95. NTS
relieves the application from the details of the NetWare IPX interface and the
Windows Winsock interface, without adding significant overhead. LDVP uses this
library of functions to provide platform and protocol independence. It allows
LDVP to use Netware and NT on both IPX and IP with one source code base that
does not care about protocols.

Alert Management System (AMS) enhances alerting. When AMS is installed, multiple
types of alerts can be configured for multiple locations. Machines with LDVP
installed create text log files to record virus incidents. Client log files are
rolled up to the parent server. Alerts on servers may be directed to AMS for
alerting. AMS can be installed on the primary server for every Anti Virus
domain. AMS provides its own install and configuration console. It allows for
origination, handling, and delivery of multiple types of alerts to multiple
recipients. An alert can be a simple text string or a complex data packet with
multiple state variables and thresholds. An alert is different from an alert
type. When the network is not functioning, alert delivery may go through extra
steps such as re-logging and transmitting via an out-of-band media.


[*]

AVC SOFTWARE means the Norton Anti-Virus Client software which contains
functionality equivalent to that which is offered as part of Symantec's standard
anti-virus client 


* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with 
  the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the 
  omitted portions.


                                      -28-

<PAGE>   29

product, including all available translations, any subsequent Releases, APIs
(including any associated documentation related to the APIs) to allow the AVC
software to be used at a component level (e.g. scan engine only or different
graphical user interface), virus pattern file updates, scan engine for DOS,
OS/2, Windows 3.X, Windows NT, Windows 9X, Netware, any updates thereof, access
to the digital immune system, technology to update and manage end user virus
pattern files (specifically including "Live Update" technology), and Maintenance
Updates plus all generally available language translations of the foregoing.


                                    EXHIBIT B


                           MARKETING STATEMENT OF WORK


Intel will provide assistance, as mutually determined appropriate, to
successfully migrate Intel's LDVP Software customers to Symantec. This
assistance will include efforts substantially consistent with the following:

DIRECT SALES SUPPORT:

o    Support for joint Intel and Symantec sales visits (for up to 20 key
     customers within North America as mutually identified by both Symantec and
     Intel) within 180 days of Execution Date. 

o    1 week visit in Japan for as many sales visits during that week. 

o    1 week visit in Europe for as many sales visits during that week. 

o    Support for joint Intel and Symantec phone contacts (for to up to 100 key
     customers as mutually identified by Symantec and Intel) within 270 days of
     Execution Date. 

o    Symantec shall be solely responsible for setting up the visits and phone
     contacts for Direct Sales Support activities following coordination with
     Intel to achieve mutually acceptable time(s) for conducting such.

PRESS RELEASES:

o    Coordinated Press Release and Analyst messages

INDIRECT CUSTOMER CONTACTS:

o    Web site links and coordinated messages

o    Support for Intel e-mail messages to registered accounts

o    Support for joint mail piece to selected customers

o    "Dear Customer" letter to known customers introducing Symantec and the 
     relationship.

o    Reasonable commerical efforts to include information in the newsletter to
     LANDesk VARs.

CHANNEL PARTNER DEMAND CREATION:

o    Active marketing of relationship and product benefits to PC OEM's who are
     purchasing or considering the purchase of LANDesk branded products
     containing AVC Software (i.e. LDCM)


                                      -29-
<PAGE>   30

o    Active marketing of relationship and product benefits to ISV's who are
     purchasing or considering the purchase of LANDesk branded products
     containing AVC Software (i.e. LDMS)

o    Include promotional material for NAV for LANDesk with LANDesk's "solution
     kit" or equivalent mailings

o    Direct Mail Announcement to VARs which includes the NAV evaluation CD.



                                    EXHIBIT C

                                 Support Process


     If either Party becomes aware of any Level 1 or Level 2 errors (as defined
in the table below) in the software licensed to the other Party under this
Agreement or if either Party informs its customers generally of any errors in
such software, then the licensor party will promptly notify the licensee Party
in writing and will promptly provide the licensee party at the same time that it
provides customers generally with any related corrections in object code form
(and source code form where applicable) with an explanation of what defects it
corrects. If either Party reports in writing to the other Party any reproducible
error in the software licensed to the other Party under this Agreement, then the
licensor Party will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to such
report in accordance with the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
SEVERITY  DESCRIPTION
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>       <C>
Level 1   The defect causes the system to halt or causes persistent
               data to be corrupted. The system cannot continue.

          RESPONSE: The responding Party will make reasonable efforts to respond
               to reporting Party within one business day with an acknowledgment
               of the error and will make diligent efforts to respond with a fix
               or workaround within 5 working days. If no solution has been
               found within this time, the responding Party will develop an
               action plan and present it to the reporting Party within 10
               working days of the initial notification of the error, or, if no
               commercially reasonable solution is possible, the responding
               Party shall report such to the reporting Party, together with its
               rationale for making such a determination
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Level 2   The defect prevents major portions of the program from functioning 
               correctly or causes a major component of the system not to 
               function with other components of the system. These defects cause
               the program not to be able to continue but do not cause the 
               system to crash.

          RESPONSE: The responding Party will make diligent effort to provide a
               response within 10 working days and a solution within 20 working
               days. If no solution has been found within this time, the
               responding Party will develop an action plan and present it to
               the Licensee within 20 working days of the initial notification
               of the error or, if no commercially reasonable solution is
               possible, the responding Party shall report such to the reporting
               Party, together with its rationale for making such a
               determination
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      -30-

<PAGE>   31

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
SEVERITY  DESCRIPTION
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>       <C>
Level 3   The defect prevents small portions of the program from functioning
               correctly. The program could produce incorrect results, but the
               errors would not corrupt persistent data.
          
          RESPONSE: Responding party will use diligent efforts to provide a
               solution either as a correction or in a subsequent release of the
               product or, if no commercially reasonable solution is possible,
               the responding Party shall report such to the reporting Party,
               together with its rationale for making such a determination.
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Level 4   The defect is cosmetic or involves usability issues, which means that
               the screen or other output may not be drawn correctly, but the
               program is still running and producing correct results. For
               usability issues, the user can accomplish the defined
               functionality, but it is awkward to do so. This could also
               include some internal functionality which has been omitted in the
               interface. The program can continue normally.

          RESPONSE: The responding Party will use diligent efforts to provide a
               solution either as a correction or in a subsequent release of the
               product or, if no commercially reasonable solution is possible,
               the responding Party shall report such to the reporting Party,
               together with its rationale for making such a determination or,
               if no commercially reasonable solution is possible, the
               responding Party shall report such to the reporting Party,
               together with its rationale for making such a determination.
- --------  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                      -31-

<PAGE>   32

                                    EXHIBIT D

                          Sample SMA and VPA Agreements

                                   Sample SMA

Europe: @ HTTP://WWW.INTEL.COM/EUROPE/SERVICES/ORDFORM.HTM

North America: @ HTTP://SUPPORT.INTEL.COM/SERVICES/AMERICAS/TERMS.HTM


                                   Sample VPA:

Intel Software Volume Purchase Agreement Request
Internal Use License - Document version 2.0
Instructions:
1. Print this document.
2. Complete Licensee (Company) and address information. 
3. You will receive an acknowledgment letter with a copy of the license
referencing the Agreement Number assigned by Intel. The Intel contact name for
licensee to send any notices or requests to, will also be identified in the
acknowledgment letter.
4. Complete contact name and address for Intel to ship all software notices to. 
5. An authorized signature is required by Licensee named on the license. 
6. List all software and the number of licensed copies in the sections provided.
7. Mail or FAX License to: 
Intel Corporation 
Attn: VPA Administrator 
5200 NE Elam Young Parkway 
Hillsboro, OR 97124 
Fax No: 503-264-6304 
A copy of the LANDesk(R) Management Suite and LANDesk(R) Virus Protect product
Software License Agreements will be attached to the completed Agreement for your
convenience.

Internal Use License
LICENSEE:
         ----------------------------------------------------------
AGREEMENT NUMBER:
                 --------------------------------------------------
ADDRESS: 
        -----------------------------------------------------------
CONTACT NAME and PHONE NUMBER: 
                              -------------------------------------
EFFECTIVE DATE: 
               ----------------------------------------------------

The furnished programs ("Software") identified on this License are furnished
subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Intel Software License
Agreement packaged or otherwise provided with the Software [End User License].
Supplemental License Grant Effective on the date specified above, Intel grants
the Licensee the right to reproduce the Software for use on the number of
computers or workstations 


                                      -32-

<PAGE>   33

specified on this license agreement ("Licensed Copies"). Licensee agrees that
the maximum number of copies shall not exceed the number of Licensed Copies.
Licensee will maintain a log of the copies made and to whom they were 
distributed. 
Distribution to or use by any third party is expressly prohibited. 
Additional Licenses 
If Licensee desires to increase the number of Licensed Copies, Licensee must
sign another license prior to making any additional copies of the Software.
Notice 
All notices and requests required under this Agreement shall be in writing,
shall reference this Agreement and shall be deemed given upon delivery if
personally delivered or upon receipt if sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, to the addresses listed below, which addresses may be
modified upon subsequent written notice.
Notices to Intel shall be sent to: 
Intel Corporation 
PO Box 14070 
Portland, OR 97214 
Attention: Contracts Manager 
Notices to Licensees shall be sent to:

- --------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------
Attn:
     ---------------------------------
General 
This Agreement and the Intel Software License Agreement [End User License]under
which the Software was originally licensed contains the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the Software including any warranties and
liabilities of Intel.
Agreed and accepted:
Licensee By:
            --------------------------
Printed Name:
             -------------------------
Title: 
      --------------------------------
Date: 
     ---------------------------------
Software 
The following Software shall be covered under this Agreement: 
SOFTWARE NUMBER OF LICENSED COPIES
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
- ------------------------------- ----------------------------
(End of "Intel Software Volume Purchase Agreement Request".)


                                      -33-

<PAGE>   34

                                    EXHIBIT E

                               Customer Databases

Intel shall provide the following:

1) Support and Maintenance Agreement (SMA) database with customer information
containing:

     North America: approximately 400 contacts including information on:
     contact, company name, address, phone, product, quantity, and expiration
     date. Data is approximately 95% complete.

     Europe: approximately 70 European contacts including information on:
     contact, company name, address, phone, product, quantity, and expiration
     date. Data is approximately 95% complete.

     APAC: approximately 25 contacts including information on: contact, company
     name, address, phone, product, quantity, and expiration date. Data is
     approximately 85% complete.

2) Request for lower pricing to meet competition with customer information
containing:

     North America: approximately 400 contacts including information on:
     reseller, reseller contact, company name, city, phone, product, quantity,
     and authorized price. Data is approximately 90% complete.

3) Request for support database:

     North America: approximately 2000 contacts including information on:
     contact, company name, phone, fax and product. Data is approximately 80%
     complete.

4) Copies of current volume purchase agreements

     North America: approximately 19 agreements including information on:
     reseller, contact, company name, city, phone, product. Data is
     approximately 95% complete.

5) Registration database with customer information containing:

     World wide: Approximately 18,500 contacts including information on: company
     name, city, phone, contact, product, and registration date. Data is
     approximately 85% complete.

6) Request for literature database with customer information containing:

     Approximately 10,000 contacts including information on: company name, city,
     phone, contact, product, and inquiry date. Data is approximately 80%
     complete.


                                      -34-

<PAGE>   35

                                    EXHIBIT F

                      LDVP Software Product Release Metrics


Intel will, at a minimum, apply the following metrics to the production release 
of the final version of LDVP Software version 6.0 to Symantec.

       "Priority 1" Defects will be fixed and verified. Priority 1, or
       showstopper, defects prevent further execution of the program and have no
       recovery method.

       "Priority 2" defects will be fixed and verified. Priority 2 defects give
       grossly wrong results or degrade performance substantially.

       Defect Density must be <= 10. Defect Density is calculated to be the # of
       defects/10,000 lines of source code. Comments are not counted as source
       code.


                                      -35-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF SYMANTEC DATED 9/28/98
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

<TABLE>
<S>                                            <C>
CONTACT:
William Giles                                  Richard Saunders
Intel Corporation                              Symantec Corporation
(503) 264-7550                                 (408) 446-7550
william.e.giles@intel.com                      rsaunders@symantec.com

Barbara Grimes                                 Genevieve Haldeman
Intel Corporation                              Symantec Corporation
(503) 264-5563                                 (310) 449-4309
barbara.t.grimes@intel.com                     glhaldeman@symantec.com

                                               Shelley Wilson
                                               Director of Investor Relations
                                               Symantec Corporation
                                               (408) 446-8891
                                               swilson@symantec.com
</TABLE>


                    SYMANTEC BUYS INTEL'S ANTI-VIRUS BUSINESS

Symantec licenses Intel Systems Management technology to integrate into Norton
AntiVirus Product Line; Intel to integrate Norton AntiVirus into Intel LANDesk
Management Suite -

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Sept. 28, 1998 - Symantec Corporation (Nasdaq: SYMC)
announced today that it has bought Intel Corporation's anti-virus business.
Symantec has also licensed Intel systems management technology which it will
combine with its own antivirus technology to crate best-of-breed anti-virus
solutions for corporate organizations.

Norton AntiVirus engine technology will be integrated into a new anti-virus
product that Intel has had under development for most of this year. The product
will be fully integrated with Intel LANDesk Management Suite and will be
launched as a Norton AntiVirus product later this year to provide an obvious and
smooth upgrade path for current LANDesk Virus Protect customers.

As part of the agreement, Symantec will support Intel's 18,000 registered
anti-virus customers and Intel will recommend Norton AntiVirus to its corporate
customers worldwide as the anti-virus solution of choice. Intel will also market
the Norton AntiVirus product line through its extensive reseller channel
worldwide.

"For nearly seven years LANDesk Virus Protect has been the leader in providing
the robust systems management capabilities that businesses need in their
anti-virus solution," said Ed Ekstrom, vice president, Intel New Business Group
and general manager, Systems Management Division. "By licensing these
technologies to Symantec, we can focus entirely on our core 

<PAGE>   2

competency - systems management leadership - while continuing to provide our
customers with a world-class anti-virus solution. This alliance means Symantec
will be the only anti-virus vendor to incorporate LANDesk management
technologies into their utilities product line and to offer true integration
with LANDesk products."

"Our relationship with Intel is a key component of our overall strategy to meet
the needs of corporate customers and follows on the heels of other significant
alliances including IBM, Entrust Technologies and PLATINUM technology," said
Gordon Eubanks, Symantec's president and CEO. "Integrating Intel LANDesk
management technologies provides Norton AntiVirus customers with the best
management solutions available and gives them the confidence they have the most
manageable and flexible solution to fit within their existing network management
architecture."

Symantec will use the Intel systems management technology it has licensed to
help build the Digital Immune System that Symantec is developing with IBM. The
Digital Immune System combines Symantec's award-winning products with neural
network technology from IBM to provide corporate customers with an automated,
trouble free environment to keep systems up and running. The Intel technology
will enable network administrators to implement and manage the Digital Immune
System across the enterprise.

Availability and Support

The relationship with Intel is ongoing. Starting immediately, Norton AntiVirus
engine technology will be integrated into a new anti-virus product that Intel
has had under development for most of this year. The product will fully
integrate with Intel LANDesk Management Suite and will be launched as a Norton
AntiVirus product later this year to provide an obvious and smooth upgrade path
for current LANDesk Virus Protect customers.

The client portion of this product will be bundled with future versions of
LANDesk Management Suite. Symantec will have a license to LANDesk Virus Protect
software including all the common elements that make this product integral to
LANDesk Management Suite. Versions will be fully compatible with the existing
version of Norton AntiVirus and LANDesk Management Suite and will include
complete management functionality such as distribution, configuration, lockdown,
remote operations from one console, and event management and logging.

Customers migrating to this new version of Norton AntiVirus will receive support
directly from Symantec. During this transition period, Intel will continue to
honor all existing support and maintenance agreements for the current versions
of LANDesk Virus Protect and will continue to provide anti-virus pattern files.
Until the new version is available, Intel and Symantec will continue to sell
LANDesk Virus Protect 5.0.

For additional information regarding support for current products, customers can
contact Intel at www.intel.com. For information regarding the transition
program, customers can contact Symantec at 1-800-745-6054.

About LANDesk Management Suite


                                       2

<PAGE>   3

Intel LANDesk Management Suite, the flagship product in the LANDesk family,
provides integrated remote problem resolution, hardware and software inventory,
server monitoring, software distribution, virus protection and other leading
desktop system management functions. It also takes advantage of the Intel-led
and industry-supported Wired for Management Initiative.

About Norton AntiVirus

Symantec's multi-tier virus protection strategy is the basis for products that
protect the enterprise at the desktop, groupware, server, Internet and gateway
levels. The Norton AntiVirus product line uses innovative Bloodhound heuristic
technology to detect and remove both known and unknown viruses. Norton AntiVirus
also includes LiveUpdate, which automatically updates users with the latest
engine updates and virus definitions over the Internet.

About Intel

Intel, the world's largest chip maker, is also a leading manufacturer of
computer, networking and communications products. Additional information about
Intel is available at http://www.intel.com/pressroom.

About Symantec

Symantec is the world leader in utility software for business and personal
computing. Symantec products and solutions help make users productive and keep
their computers safe and reliable anywhere and anytime. Symantec offers a broad
range of solutions and is acclaimed as a leader in both customer satisfaction
and product brand recognition. Symantec is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol
SYMC. More information on the company and its products can be obtained at
www.symantec.com.

                                      # # #

Symantec Forward Looking Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements. There are certain
important factors that could cause Symantec's future development efforts to
differ materially from those anticipated by some of the statements made above.
Among these are the anticipation of the growth of certain market segments, the
positioning of Symantec's products in those segments, the competitive
environment in the software industry, dependence on other products, changes to
operating systems and product strategy by vendors of operating systems, and the
importance of new Symantec products. Additional information concerning those and
other factors is contained in the "Risk Factors" section of the company's annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 1998 and the quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 3, 1998.

NOTE TO EDITORS: Members of the press are invited to take part in a conference
call to discuss this announcement. The call starts at 10:30 PST and the dial in
number is 1-800-754-1053. If you would like additional information on Symantec
Corporation and its products, please 


                                       3

<PAGE>   4

view the Symantec Press Center at http://www.symantec.com/PressCenter/ on
Symantec's Web site.

Intel and LANDesk Management Suite are registered trademarks of Intel
Corporation.

Digital Immune System is a trademark of Symantec Corporation.


                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
