-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GmPj+DsfmmTG2aWhkqTuyuJX+0R5DRW0VfWspflG1RTphPKp7oIlKROaWs5OOCO6
 dnEn+EKZyeNhGhGQanTZxw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/0000108772-00-000028/0000108772-00-000028.txt : 20001011
<SEC-HEADER>0000108772-00-000028.hdr.sgml : 20001011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000108772-00-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001009
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		20001010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XEROX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108772
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3577
]		IRS NUMBER:				160468020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		8-K
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04471
			FILM NUMBER:		736660
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		800 LONG RIDGE RD
				STREET 2:		P O BOX 1600
				CITY:			STAMFORD
				STATE:			CT
				ZIP:			06904-1600
				BUSINESS PHONE:		2039683000
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		800 LONG RIDGE ROAD
					STREET 2:		PO BOX 1600
					CITY:			STAMFORD
					STATE:			CT
					ZIP:			06904
</MAIL-ADDRESS>

					FORMER COMPANY:	
						FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HALOID XEROX INC
						DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730813
</FORMER-COMPANY>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>8-K REPORT DATED 10/09/00
<TEXT>


             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                   Washington, D.C.  20549

                          FORM 8-K
                       CURRENT REPORT

             Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
             The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

        Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
                        October 9, 2000

                     XEROX CORPORATION
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 New York              1-4471                16-0468020
 (State or other       (Commission File      (IRS Employer
 jurisdiction of       Number)               Identification
 incorporation)                              No.)

                   800 Long Ridge Road
                     P. O. Box 1600
            Stamford, Connecticut  06904-1600
    (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

    Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
                      (203) 968-3000







Item 5.  Other Events

A.    Revolving Credit Agreement

Registrant has received inquiries concerning the terms and availability of its
$7 billion Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1997 with a
group of 58 banks.  To avoid confusion and the need to respond to these
questions on an individual basis, it is noted that the Agreement is available
and has been accessed in recent days in support of the commercial paper
programs of Registrant and its supported subsidiaries.  Registrant is fully in
compliance with the covenants, including the financial covenant related to
consolidated tangible net worth, and the other terms and conditions of the
Agreement.

B.    Dividend Actions

On October 9, 2000 Registrant's Board of Directors, as part of a broader
management plan to restore long-term value to shareholders and bondholders,
declared a quarterly dividend of 5 cents per share. Previously the company had
paid a quarterly dividend of 20 cents per share.

"This decision helps to provide Xerox with additional financial flexibility
required to implement our plans to realign our cost base and business
structure to a stronger and more profitable business model.  At the same time,
it pays a dividend to our shareholders consistent with our current
performance," said Paul Allaire, chairman and chief executive officer.

The Board's action will reduce the company's cash requirement by approximately
$400 million on an annualized basis.  Allaire and Anne Mulcahy, president and
chief operating officer, had previously announced an action plan to improve
the company's profitability and cash flow that also includes the sale of
certain assets and major cost reductions.

The common dividend, the 212th consecutive quarterly dividend disbursement
declared by Registrant, is payable January 1, 2001 to shareholders of record
December 1, 2000.  The Board also declared the regular quarterly dividend of
$1.5625 per share on the Series B convertible preferred stock issued in
connection with the Xerox employee stock ownership program.

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Forward-Looking Statements

From time to time the Registrant (or the "Company") and its representatives
may provide information, whether orally or in writing, including certain
statements in this Form 8-K Report, which are deemed to be "forward-looking"
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
("Litigation Reform Act").  These forward-looking statements and other
information relating to the Company are based on the beliefs of management as
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management.

The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "will," and
similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or the Company's
management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Such
statements reflect the current views of the Registrant with respect to future
events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially
from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.
The Registrant does not intend to update these forward-looking statements.

In accordance with the provisions of the Litigation Reform Act we are making
investors aware that such "forward-looking" statements, because they relate to
future events, are by their very nature subject to many important factors
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
the "forward-looking" statements.  Such factors include but are not limited to
the following:

Competition - the Registrant operates in an environment of significant
competition, driven by rapid technological advances and the demands of
customers to become more efficient.  There are a number of companies worldwide
with significant financial resources which compete with the Registrant to
provide document processing products and services in each of the markets
served by the Registrant, some of whom operate on a global basis.  The
Registrant's success in its future performance is largely dependent upon its
ability to compete successfully in its currently-served markets and to expand
into additional market segments.

Transition to Digital - presently black and white light-lens copiers represent
approximately 25% of the Registrant's revenues.  This segment of the general
office market is mature with anticipated declining industry revenues as the
market transitions to digital technology.  Some of the Registrant's new
digital products replace or compete with the Registrant's current light-lens
equipment.  Changes in the mix of products from light-lens to digital, and the
pace of that change as well as competitive developments could cause actual
results to vary from those expected.

Pricing - the Registrant's ability to succeed is dependent upon its ability to
obtain adequate pricing for its products and services which provide a
reasonable return to shareholders.  Depending on competitive market factors,
future prices the Registrant can obtain for its products and services may vary
from historical levels. In addition, pricing actions to offset currency
devaluations may not prove sufficient to offset further devaluations or may
not hold in the face of customer resistance and/or competition.

Financing Business - a significant portion of the Registrant's profits arise
from the financing of its customers' purchases of the Registrant's equipment.
On average, 75 to 80 percent of equipment sales are financed through the
Registrant. The Registrant's ability to provide such financing at competitive
rates and realize profitable spreads is highly dependent upon its own costs of
borrowing which, in turn, depend upon its credit ratings. The Registrant's
present credit ratings permit ready access to the credit markets.  There is no
assurance that these credit ratings can be maintained and/or ready access to
the credit markets can be assured. A downgrade or lowering in such ratings
could reduce the profitability of such financing business and/or make the
Registrant's financing less attractive to customers thus reducing the volume
of financing business done.

Productivity - the Registrant's ability to sustain and improve its profit
margins is largely dependent on its ability to maintain an efficient, cost-
effective operation.  Productivity improvements through process reengineering,
design efficiency and supplier cost improvements are required to offset labor
cost inflation and potential materials cost changes and competitive price
pressures.

International Operations - the Registrant derives approximately half its
revenue from operations outside of the United States.  In addition, the
Registrant manufactures many of its products and/or their components outside
the United States.  The Registrant's future revenue, cost and profit results
could be affected by a number of factors, including changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, changes in economic conditions from country to
country, changes in a country's political conditions, trade protection
measures, licensing requirements and local tax issues.

New Products/Research and Development - the process of developing new high
technology products and solutions is inherently complex and uncertain.  It
requires accurate anticipation of customers' changing needs and emerging
technological trends.  The Registrant must then make long-term investments and
commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will
eventually result in products that achieve customer acceptance and generate
the revenues required to provide anticipated returns from these investments.

Restructuring - the Registrant's ability to ultimately reduce pre-tax annual
expenditures by approximately $1.4 billion, before reinvestments, is dependent
upon its ability to successfully implement the 1998 and 2000 restructuring
programs including the elimination of 14,200 net jobs worldwide (9,000 under
1998 program, 5,200 under 2000 program), the closing and consolidation of
facilities and the successful implementation of process and systems changes.

Revenue Growth - the Registrant's ability to attain a consistent trend of
revenue growth over the intermediate to longer term is largely dependent upon
expansion of its equipment sales worldwide.  The ability to achieve equipment
sales growth is subject to the successful implementation of our initiatives to
provide industry-oriented global solutions for major customers and expansion
of our distribution channels in the face of global competition and pricing
pressures.  Our inability to attain a consistent trend of revenue growth could
materially affect the trend of our actual results.

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
Registrant has duly authorized this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned duly authorized.

                                         XEROX CORPORATION

                                         /s/ MARTIN S. WAGNER
                                         --------------------------------
                                         By: MARTIN S. WAGNER
                                             Assistant Secretary

Dated: October 10, 2000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
