-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FGQD+bvzFX+BCY7oyoyle3CI5iRhmbIBxgOrcXWVxxEiWTLCtIdluOv7Hz5Hn8wz
 KszbLM6p4Zn0M9uXpjj0oQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/20000627/0000950135-00-003354/0000950135-00-003354.txt : 20000920
<SEC-HEADER>0000950135-00-003354.hdr.sgml : 20000920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-00-003354
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000612
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000627

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001086222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [7389
]		IRS NUMBER:				043432319
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		8-K
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27275
			FILM NUMBER:		661432
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		500 TECHNOLOGY SQ
				CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
				STATE:			MA
				ZIP:			02139
				BUSINESS PHONE:		6172503000
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		500 TECHNOLOGY SQ
					CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
					STATE:			MA
					ZIP:			02139
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e8-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                -----------------


                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT
                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934



Date of report: June 12, 2000
(Date of earliest event reported)



                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
               (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>                               <C>
          Delaware                            0-27275                               04-3432319
(State or Other Jurisdiction          (Commission File Number)          (IRS Employer Identification No.)
of Incorporation)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>
500 Technology Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts                         02139
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                              (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (617) 250-3000
<PAGE>   2
ITEM 5.       OTHER EVENTS.

         Akamai Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") announced on June 12, 2000
that it proposed to offer and sell $250 million of convertible subordinated
notes due 2007, which would be convertible into shares of the Company's common
stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock"). A copy of the press
release announcing the offering is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K
as Exhibit 99.1.

         The Company announced on June 15, 2000 the pricing of its 5 1/2%
Convertible Subordinated Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $300 million
(including an option to purchase up to an additional $50 million principal
amount of notes to cover over allotments, if any) in accordance with Rule 144A
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Notes"). The Company
announced that the Notes would be due July 1, 2007, convertible into shares of
Common Stock at a conversion price of $115.47 per share and accrue interest
payable semiannually. A copy of the press release announcing the pricing of the
Notes is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.2.

         The material terms of the Notes are set forth in (i) a Purchase
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2000, by and among the Company, Donaldson,
Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC; (ii) an Indenture,
dated as of June 20, 2000, by and between the Company and State Street Bank and
Trust Company; and (iii) a 5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, by and among the
Company and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley
& Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.
Copies of such documents are filed as Exhibits 99.3, 99.4 and 99.5 respectively,
and are incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 7.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND
              EXHIBITS.

              (a)    Not applicable.

              (b)    Not applicable.

              (c)    Exhibits. The following exhibits are being filed herewith.

                     99.1     Akamai Technologies, Inc. Press Release dated June
                              12, 2000.

                     99.2     Akamai Technologies, Inc. Press Release dated June
                              15, 2000.

                     99.3     Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2000, by
                              and among Akamai Technologies, Inc., Donaldson,
                              Lufkin & Jenrette
<PAGE>   3
                              Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co.
                              Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas
                              Weisel Partners LLC.

                     99.4     Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2000, by and
                              between Akamai Technologies, Inc. and State
                              Street Bank and Trust Company.

                     99.5     5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007
                              Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June
                              20, 2000, by and among the Company and Donaldson,
                              Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, Morgan
                              Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
                              Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.
<PAGE>   4
                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  June 27, 2000           AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                /s/ Kathryn L. Jorden
                                --------------------------------
                                Kathryn L. Jorden
                                Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
<PAGE>   5
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT           DESCRIPTION
NUMBER
<S>               <C>
99.1              Akamai Technologies, Inc. Press Release dated June 12, 2000.

99.2              Akamai Technologies, Inc. Press Release dated June 15, 2000.

99.3              Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2000, by and among
                  Akamai Technologies, Inc., Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
                  Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
                  Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.

99.4              Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2000, by and between Akamai
                  Technologies, Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust Company.

99.5              5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007 Registration
                  Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, by and among
                  Akamai Technologies, Inc. and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
                  Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
                  Salomon Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED 6/12/2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                        EX: 99.1

CONTACTS:

Jeff Young                          -- or --                 Caryn Converse
617-250-3913                                                 617-250-4661
jyoung@akamai.com                                            converse@akamai.com
- -----------------                                            -------------------


            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. PLANS OFFERING OF $250 MILLION
                       OF CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTES


CAMBRIDGE, MA, JUNE 12, 2000 -- Akamai Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: AKAM) today
announced that it proposes to offer and sell $250 million through the sale of
convertible subordinated notes due 2007 in a private offering pursuant to Rule
144A under the Securities Act of 1933. In addition, the Company has granted to
the initial purchasers an option to purchase up to an additional $50 million of
convertible subordinated notes solely to cover over-allotments. The notes will
be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock.

Proceeds from the offering will be used for working capital and general
corporate purposes, including new service offerings and potential acquisitions
of complementary businesses, products and technologies.

Neither the convertible subordinated notes nor the shares of common issuable
upon conversion thereof have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an
applicable exemption from registration.

ABOUT AKAMAI
Akamai is the foremost provider of global, high performance services for the
delivery of Internet content, streaming media, and applications, serving over
1,000 customers. Akamai has the broadest deployment of servers for content,
streaming media, and applications delivery with more than 4,000 servers in over
45 countries directly connected to more than 160 different telecommunications
networks. Akamai (pronounced AH kuh my) is Hawaiian for intelligent, clever and
cool.

                                     # # #

AKAMAI STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT
The release contains information about future expectations, plans and prospects
of Akamai's management that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes
of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these
forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including,
but not limited to, the dependence on Akamai's Internet content delivery
service, a failure of its network infrastructure, the complexity of its service
and the networks on which the service is deployed, the failure to obtain access
to transmission capacity and other factors that are discussed in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents periodically filed with the SEC.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED 6/15/2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                        EX: 99.2

CONTACTS:

Jeff Young                          -- or --                 Caryn Converse
617-250-3913                                                 617-250-4661
jyoung@akamai.com                                            converse@akamai.com
- -----------------                                            -------------------


              AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ANNOUNCES PRICING OF $250
                   MILLION IN CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTES

CAMBRIDGE, MA, JUNE 15, 2000 -- Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: AKAM) today
announced the pricing of its private placement of $250 million 5.50% Convertible
Subordinated Notes due 2007. The notes will be issued at 100% of the principal
amount. The offering is expected to close on June 20, 2000.

The offering is being made to qualified institutional buyers. The notes, due
July 1, 2007, are convertible into shares of Akamai common stock at any time at
a conversion price of $115.47. The convertible notes accrue interest that will
be payable semiannually.

Akamai has granted the initial purchasers of the convertible notes an option to
purchase up to an additional $50 million principal amount of notes to cover
over-allotments, if any.

This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to
buy any of these securities.

The notes and the common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes have not
been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), or any state securities laws. Unless so registered, the notes and the
common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes may not be offered or sold in
the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

ABOUT AKAMAI

Akamai is the foremost provider of global, high performance services for the
delivery of Internet content, streaming media, and applications, serving over
1,000 customers. Akamai has the broadest deployment of servers for content,
streaming media, and applications delivery with more than 4,000 servers in over
45 countries directly connected to more than 160 different telecommunications
networks. Akamai (pronounced AH kuh my) is Hawaiian for intelligent, clever and
cool.

                                     # # #

AKAMAI STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT

The release contains information about future expectations, plans and prospects
of Akamai's management that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes
of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these
forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including,
but not limited to, the dependence on Akamai's Internet content delivery
service, a failure of its network infrastructure, the complexity of its service
and the networks on which the service is deployed, the failure to obtain access
to transmission capacity and other factors that are discussed in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents periodically filed with the SEC.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED 6/15/2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    Exhibit 99.3



                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                  $250,000,000

                                Principal Amount
                 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007

                               Purchase Agreement

                                  June 15, 2000








                          DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE
                             SECURITIES CORPORATION
                        MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED
                            SALOMON SMITH BARNEY INC.
                           THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS LLC




                                       1
<PAGE>   2
                 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007

                          of AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                               PURCHASE AGREEMENT


                                                                   June 15, 2000


DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE
      SECURITIES CORPORATION
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED
SALOMON SMITH BARNEY INC.
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS LLC
c/o Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
         Securities Corporation
277 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10172

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"),
proposes to issue and sell to Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities
Corporation ("DLJ"), Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC (each an "INITIAL PURCHASER" and,
collectively, the "INITIAL PURCHASERS") an aggregate of $250,000,000 in
principal amount of its 5.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007 (the "FIRM
NOTES"), subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Company also
proposes to issue and sell to the Initial Purchasers not more than an additional
$50,000,000 principal amount of its 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
2007 (the "ADDITIONAL NOTES"), if requested by the Initial Purchasers as
provided in Section 2 hereof. The Firm Notes and the Additional Notes are herein
collectively referred to as the "NOTES". The Notes are to be issued pursuant to
the provisions of an indenture (the "INDENTURE"), to be dated as of the Closing
Date (as defined below), between the Company, and State Street Bank and Trust
Company, as trustee (the "TRUSTEE"), pursuant to which the Notes, as provided
therein, will be convertible at the option of the holders thereof into shares of
the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "COMMON STOCK"). The
Notes and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof are herein
collectively referred to as the "SECURITIES". The Securities and the Indenture
are more fully described in the Offering Memorandum (as hereinafter defined).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to
such terms in the Indenture.

         1. OFFERING MEMORANDUM. The Notes will be offered and sold to the
Initial Purchasers pursuant to one or more exemptions from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "ACT"). The
Company has prepared a preliminary offering memorandum, dated June 12, 2000 (the
"PRELIMINARY OFFERING MEMORANDUM") and a final offering memorandum, dated June
15, 2000

                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
(the "OFFERING MEMORANDUM"), relating to the Notes. As used herein, the
term Offering Memorandum shall include each of the documents incorporated by
reference therein (the "Incorporated Documents").

         Upon original issuance thereof, and until such time as the same is no
longer required pursuant to the Indenture, the Notes (and all securities issued
in exchange therefor, in substitution thereof or upon conversion thereof) shall
bear the following legend:

                  "THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
         THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND
         ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
         WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
         PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE NEXT SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION
         HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER:

              (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, or
              "QIB" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), (B) IT
              HAS ACQUIRED THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN
              COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS
              AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE
              501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT),

              (2) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS
              SECURITY EXCEPT (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, (B)
              TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB
              PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB IN A
              TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (C) IN AN
              OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 904 OF THE
              SECURITIES ACT, (D) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF
              RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL
              "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES THE
              TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND
              AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE FORM OF
              WHICH CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF THE COMPANY SO
              REQUESTS AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
              TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, (F) IN
              ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
              REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF
              COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
              REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
              APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR
              ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION; AND

              (3) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS
              SECURITY OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE
              SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.

         AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" AND "UNITED STATES"
         HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY RULE 902 OF

                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
         REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THE INDENTURE CONTAINS A
         PROVISION REQUIRING THE TRUSTEE TO REFUSE TO REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF
         THIS NOTE IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING."




         2.       AGREEMENTS TO SELL AND PURCHASE.

                  (a)      On the basis of the representations, warranties and
covenants contained in this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions
contained herein, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Initial
Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers agree, severally and not jointly, to
purchase from the Company, the principal amount of Firm Notes set forth opposite
its name as set forth on Schedule A hereto at a purchase price equal to 97% of
the principal amount thereof (the "Purchase Price").

                  (b)      On the basis of the representations and warranties
contained in this Agreement, and subject to its terms and conditions, (i) the
Company agrees to issue and sell the Additional Notes and (ii) the Initial
Purchasers shall have a right, but not the obligation, to purchase, severally
and not jointly, the Additional Notes, from the Company at the Purchase Price.
Additional Notes may be purchased solely for the purpose of covering
over-allotments made in connections with the Offering of the Firm Notes. The
Initial Purchasers may exercise their right to purchase Additional Notes at one
time in whole or in part by giving written notice thereof to the Company at any
time within 30 days after the date of this Agreement. Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corporation shall give any such notice on behalf of the
Initial Purchasers and such notice shall specify the aggregate principal amount
of Additional Notes to be purchased pursuant to such exercise and the date for
payment and delivery thereof. The date specified in any such notice shall be a
business day (i) no earlier than the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), (ii)
no later than ten business days after such notice has been given and (iii) no
earlier than two business days after such notice has been given. If any
Additional Notes are to be purchased, each Initial Purchaser, severally and not
jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company the principal amount of Additional
Notes which bears the same proportion to the total principal amount of
Additional Notes to be purchased from the Company as the principal amount of
Firm Notes set forth opposite the name of such Initial Purchaser in Schedule A
bears to the total principal amount of Firm Notes.

         3.       TERMS OF OFFERING. The Initial Purchasers have advised the
Company that the Initial Purchasers will make offers (the "EXEMPT RESALES") of
the Notes purchased hereunder on the terms set forth in the Offering Memorandum,
as amended or supplemented, solely to persons whom the Initial Purchaser
reasonably believe to be "qualified institutional buyers" as defined in Rule
144A under the Act ("QIBS") and (ii) not more than five (5) other institutional
"accredited investors," as defined in Rule 501(a) (1),(2),(3) or (7) under the
Act, that make certain representations and agreements to the Company (each, an
"ACCREDITED INSTITUTION"), (such persons specified in clauses (i) and (ii) being
referred to herein as the "ELIGIBLE PURCHASERS"). The Initial Purchasers will
offer the Notes to Eligible Purchasers initially at a price equal to 100% of the
principal amount thereof. Such price may be changed at any time without notice.

         Holders (including subsequent transferees) of the Securities will have
the registration rights set forth in the registration rights agreement (the
"REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"), to be dated the Closing Date, in substantially
the form of Exhibit A hereto, for so long as such Securities constitute
"TRANSFER RESTRICTED SECURITIES" (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will
agree to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION")
under the circumstances set forth therein, a shelf registration statement
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Act (the "REGISTRATION STATEMENT") relating to
the resale by certain holders of the Securities and to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Registration Statements to be

                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
declared and remain effective and usable for the periods specified in the
Registration Rights Agreement. This Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes, and the
Registration Rights Agreement are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively
as the "OPERATIVE DOCUMENTS"

         4.       DELIVERY AND PAYMENT

                  (a)      Delivery of, and payment of the Purchase Price for,
the Firm Notes shall be made at the offices of Hale and Dorr LLP or such other
location as may be mutually acceptable. Such delivery and payment shall be made
at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on June 20, 2000 or at such other time on the
same date or such other date as shall be agreed upon by the Initial Purchasers
and the Company shall agree in writing. The time and date of such delivery and
the payment for the Firm Notes are herein called the "CLOSING DATE".

                  (b)      Delivery of, and payment for, any Additional Notes to
be purchased by the Initial Purchasers shall be made at the offices of Hale and
Dorr LLP at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on the date specified in the exercise
notice given by Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation pursuant to
Section 2(b) or such other time on the same or such other date as the Initial
Purchasers and the Company shall agree in writing. The time and date of delivery
and payment for any Additional Notes are hereinafter referred to as an "OPTION
CLOSING DATE".

                  (c)      One or more of the Notes in definitive global form,
registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depository Trust Company
("DTC"), having an aggregate principal amount corresponding to the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes (collectively, the "GLOBAL NOTE"), shall be
delivered by the Company to the Initial Purchasers (or as the Initial Purchasers
direct), in each case with any transfer taxes thereon payable in connection with
the transfer of the Notes to the Initial Purchasers duly paid by the Company,
against payment by the Initial Purchasers of the Purchase Price thereof by wire
transfer in same day funds to the order of the Company. The Global Note shall be
made available to the Initial Purchasers for inspection not later than 9:30
a.m., New York City time, on the business day immediately preceding the Closing
Date.

         5. AGREEMENTS OF THE COMPANY The Company hereby agrees with the Initial
Purchasers as follows:

                  (a)      To advise the Initial Purchasers promptly upon
receipt by the Company of written notice, and, if requested by the Initial
Purchasers, confirm such advice in writing, (i) of the issuance by any state
securities commission of any stop order suspending the qualification or
exemption from qualification of any Notes for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction designated by the Initial Purchasers pursuant to Section 5(e)
hereof, or the initiation of any proceeding by any state securities commission
or any other federal or state regulatory authority for such purpose and (ii) of
the happening of any event during the period referred to in Section 5(c) below
that makes any statement of a material fact made in the Offering Memorandum
untrue or that requires any additions to or changes in the Offering Memorandum
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company shall use its best efforts to
prevent the issuance of any stop order or order suspending the qualification or
exemption of any Notes under any state securities or Blue Sky laws and, if at
any time any state securities commission or other federal or state regulatory
authority shall issue an order suspending the qualification or exemption of any
Notes under any state securities or Blue Sky laws, the Company shall use its
best efforts to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such order at the earliest
possible time.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
                  (b)      To furnish the Initial Purchasers and those persons
identified by the Initial Purchasers to the Company as many copies of the
Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum, and any amendments
or supplements thereto, as the Initial Purchasers may reasonably request for the
time period specified in Section 5(c). Subject to the Initial Purchasers'
compliance with its representations and warranties and agreements set forth in
Section 7 hereof, the Company consents to the use of the Preliminary Offering
Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum, and any amendments and supplements
thereto required pursuant hereto, by the Initial Purchasers in connection with
Exempt Resales.

                  (c)      During such period as in the opinion of counsel for
the Initial Purchasers an Offering Memorandum is required by law to be delivered
in connection with Exempt Resales by the Initial Purchasers (i) not to make any
amendment or supplement to the Offering Memorandum of which the Initial
Purchasers shall not previously have been advised or to which the Initial
Purchasers shall reasonably object after being so advised and (ii) to prepare
promptly upon the Initial Purchasers' reasonable request, any amendment or
supplement to the Offering Memorandum which may be necessary or advisable in
connection with such Exempt Resales in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or as
necessary to comply with applicable law.

                  (d)      If, during the period referred to in Section 5(c)
above, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which, in
the opinion of counsel to the Initial Purchasers, it becomes necessary to amend
or supplement the Offering Memorandum in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances when such Offering Memorandum is delivered to
an Eligible Purchaser, not misleading, or if, in the opinion of counsel to the
Initial Purchasers, it is necessary to amend or supplement the Offering
Memorandum to comply with any applicable law, forthwith to prepare an
appropriate amendment or supplement to such Offering Memorandum so that the
statements therein, as so amended or supplemented, will not, in the light of the
circumstances when it is so delivered, be misleading, or so that such Offering
Memorandum will comply with applicable law, and to furnish to the Initial
Purchasers and such other persons as the Initial Purchasers may designate such
number of copies thereof as the Initial Purchasers may reasonably request.

                  (e)      Prior to the sale of all Notes pursuant to Exempt
Resales as contemplated hereby, to cooperate with the Initial Purchasers and
counsel to the Initial Purchasers in connection with the registration or
qualification of the Notes for offer and sale to the Initial Purchasers and
pursuant to Exempt Resales under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such
jurisdictions as the Initial Purchasers may request and to continue such
registration or qualification in effect so long as required for Exempt Resales
and to file such consents to service of process or other documents as may be
necessary in order to effect such registration or qualification; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to
qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so
qualified or to take any action that would subject it to general consent to
service of process or taxation other than as to matters and transactions
relating to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Offering Memorandum or
Exempt Resales, in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so subject.

                  (f)      So long as the Notes are outstanding, (i) to mail and
make generally available as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal
year to the record holders of the Notes a financial report of the Company and
its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (and a similar financial report of all
unconsolidated subsidiaries, if any), all such financial reports to include a
consolidated balance sheet, a consolidated statement of operations, a
consolidated statement of cash flows and a consolidated statement of
shareholders' equity as of the end of and for such fiscal year, together with
comparable information as of the end of and for the preceding year, certified by
the Company's independent public accountants and (ii) to mail and make generally
available as soon as practicable after the end of each quarterly period (except
for the last quarterly period of each fiscal year) to such holders, a
consolidated balance sheet, a consolidated

                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
statement of operations and a consolidated statement of cash flows (and similar
financial reports of all unconsolidated subsidiaries, if any) as of the end of
and for such period, and for the period from the beginning of such year to the
close of such quarterly period, together with comparable information for the
corresponding periods of the preceding year.

                  (g)      So long as the Notes are outstanding, to furnish to
the Initial Purchasers, upon their reasonable request, copies of all reports or
other communications furnished by the Company to its security holders or
furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange on
which any class of securities of the Company is listed and such other publicly
available information concerning the Company and/or its subsidiaries as the
Initial Purchasers may reasonably request.

                  (h)      So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and
during any period in which the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT"), to make
available to any holder of Securities in connection with any sale thereof and
any prospective purchaser of such Securities from such holder, the information
("RULE 144A INFORMATION") required by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Act.

                  (i)      Whether or not the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, to pay or cause to be
paid all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company
under this Agreement, including: (i) the fees, disbursements and expenses of
counsel to the Company and accountants of the Company in connection with the
sale and delivery of the Notes to the Initial Purchasers and pursuant to Exempt
Resales, and all other fees and expenses in connection with the preparation,
printing, filing and distribution of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the
Offering Memorandum and all amendments and supplements to any of the foregoing
(including financial statements), including the mailing and delivering of copies
thereof to the Initial Purchasers and persons designated by them in the
quantities specified herein, (ii) all costs and expenses related to the transfer
and delivery of the Notes to the Initial Purchasers, including any transfer or
other taxes payable thereon, (iii) all costs of printing or producing this
Agreement and the other Operative Documents, (iv) all expenses in connection
with the registration or qualification of the Securities for offer and sale
under the securities or Blue Sky laws of the several states and all costs of
printing or producing any preliminary and supplemental Blue Sky memoranda in
connection therewith (including the filing fees and fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Initial Purchasers in connection with such registration or
qualification and memoranda relating thereto), (v) the cost of printing
certificates representing the Securities, (vi) all expenses and listing fees in
connection with the application for quotation of the Notes in the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") Automated Quotation System -
PORTAL ("PORTAL"), (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and the Trustee's
counsel in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (viii) the costs and
charges of any transfer agent, registrar and/or depositary (including DTC), (ix)
any fees charged by rating agencies for the rating of the Notes, (x) all costs
and expenses of the Registration Statement, on the terms set forth in the
Registration Rights Agreement, (xi) all expenses and listing fees in connection
with the application for listing the Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market
and (xii) and all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of the
obligations of the Company hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made
in this Section. It is understood, however, that except as provided in this
Section, Section 8, and Section 11, the Initial Purchasers will pay all of its
costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of its counsel, transfer
taxes payable on resale of any of the Notes by them and any advertising expenses
connected with any offers it may make.

                  (j)      To use its reasonable best efforts to effect the
inclusion of the Notes in PORTAL and to maintain the listing of the Notes on
PORTAL for so long as the Notes are outstanding.

                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
                  (k)      To obtain the approval of DTC for "book-entry"
transfer of the Notes, and to comply with all of its agreements set forth in the
representation letters of the Company to DTC relating to the approval of the
Notes by DTC for "book-entry" transfer.

                  (l)      To cause the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Notes to be duly included for quotation on the Nasdaq Stock Market's
National Market (the "NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET") prior to the Firm Closing Date
subject to notice of official issuance. The Company will use its reasonable best
efforts that such Common Stock remain included for quotation on the Nasdaq
National Market or any other national securities exchange following the Firm
Closing Date for so long as any shares of Common Stock remain registered under
the Exchange Act.

                  (m)      The Company shall not (i) offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option
or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common
Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
Common Stock or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers all
or a portion of the economic consequences associated with the ownership of any
Common Stock (regardless of whether any of the transactions described in clause
(i) or (ii) is to be settled by the delivery of Common Stock, or such other
securities, in cash or otherwise), except to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to
this Agreement, for a period of 90 days after the Closing Date without the prior
written consent of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation and
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during such
period (i) the Company may grant stock options and issue shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the Company's existing stock option and stock purchase plans, the
Network24 Communications, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan, the Third Amended and
Restated 1998 Stock Option Plan of INTERVU Inc, the 1996 Stock Option Plan of
INTERVU Inc. and the Netpodium Inc. 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, (ii)
the Company may issue shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an option or
warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof and (iii)
may issue shares in exchange for all of the equity or substantially all of the
equity or assets of a company in connection with a merger or acquisition by the
Company, so long as prior to any such issuance the Company shall have notified
the Initial Purchasers and the recipients of such shares shall have agreed with
the Initial Purchasers in writing to be bound by the terms of the lock-up
agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B for a period of 90 days after
the date of the Offering Memorandum. The Company also agrees not to file any
registration statement (other than as contemplated by the Registration Rights
Agreement) with respect to any shares of Common Stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock for a period of
90 days after the Closing Date without the prior written consent of Donaldson,
Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated.
The Company shall, prior to or concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, deliver (i) an agreement in the form of Exhibit B here executed by
each of the directors and executive officers of the Company and (ii) an
agreement in the form of Exhibit C hereto executed by each stockholder listed on
Annex I hereto to the effect that, except as specifically set forth in those
agreements, such person will not, during the period commencing on the date such
person signs in each case such agreement and ending 90 days after the date
specified therein without the prior written consent of Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, (A)
engage in any of the transactions described in the first sentence of this
paragraph or (B) make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the
registration of any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock.

                  (n)      Assuming compliance by the Initial Purchasers with
their obligations hereunder, not to sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to
buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined

                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9
in the Act) that would be integrated with the sale of the Notes to the Initial
Purchasers or pursuant to Exempt Resales in a manner that would require the
registration of any such sale of the Notes under the Act.

                  (o)      Not to voluntarily claim, and to actively resist any
attempts to claim, the benefit of any usury laws against the holders of any
Notes.

                  (p)      To comply with all of its agreements set forth in the
Registration Rights Agreement.

                  (q)      To use its reasonable best efforts to do and perform
all things required or necessary to be done and performed under this Agreement
by it prior to the Closing Date and to satisfy all conditions precedent to the
delivery of the Notes.

         6.       REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS OF THE COMPANY. As
of the date hereof, the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the
Initial Purchasers that:

                  (a)      The Offering Memorandum does not, and any supplement
or amendment to them will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, except that the representations and warranties
contained in this paragraph (a) shall not apply to statements in or omissions
from the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Offering Memorandum (or any
supplement or amendment thereto) based upon information relating to the Initial
Purchasers furnished to the Company in writing by the Initial Purchasers
expressly for use therein. No stop order preventing the use of the Preliminary
Offering Memorandum or the Offering Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement
thereto, or any order asserting that any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are subject to the registration requirements of the Act, has been
issued. The Incorporated Documents, at the time they were or hereafter are filed
or last amended, as the case may be, with the Commission, complied and will
comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act.

                  (b)      Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has been
duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the corporate power and
authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the
Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Offering Memorandum and is duly
qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property
requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would
not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or
results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (a
"MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT").

                  (c)      All outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable.

                  (d)      The entities listed on Schedule B hereto are the only
subsidiaries, direct or indirect, of the Company. All of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of each of the Company's subsidiaries have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, and are owned by the
Company, directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries, free and clear
of any security interest, claim, lien, encumbrance or adverse interest of any
nature (each, a "LIEN").

                  (e)      This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Company.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10
                  (f)      The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company
and, on the Closing Date, will have been validly executed and delivered by the
Company. When the Indenture has been duly executed and delivered by the Company,
the Indenture will be a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms except as (i) the
enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws
affecting creditors' rights generally and (ii) rights of acceleration and the
availability of equitable remedies may be limited by equitable principles of
general applicability. On the Closing Date, the Indenture will conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended (the "TIA" or "TRUST INDENTURE ACT"), and the rules and regulations of
the Commission applicable to an indenture which is qualified thereunder.

                  (g)      The Notes have been duly authorized and, on the
Closing Date, will have been validly executed and delivered by the Company. When
the Notes have been issued, executed and authenticated in accordance with the
provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Initial
Purchasers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Notes will be
entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and will be valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms except as
(i) the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and (ii) rights of
acceleration and the availability of equitable remedies may be limited by
equitable principles of general applicability. On the Closing Date, the Notes
will conform as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in the
Offering Memorandum.

                  (h)      The Notes are convertible into Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of the Indenture; the shares of Common Stock initially
issuable upon conversion of the Notes have been duly authorized and reserved for
issuance upon such conversion and, when issued upon such conversion, will be
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will conform to the description
thereof contained in the Offering Memorandum and will be duly authorized for
listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to notice of official issuance;
the Company has the authorized and outstanding capital stock as set forth in the
Offering Memorandum; the issuance of the Notes is not, and the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion thereof will not be subject to any preemptive or
similar rights.

                  (i)      The Registration Rights Agreement has been duly
authorized by the Company and, on the Closing Date, will have been duly executed
and delivered by the Company. When the Registration Rights Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered, the Registration Rights Agreement will be a valid
and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms except as (i) the enforceability thereof may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors' rights
generally, (ii) rights of acceleration and the availability of equitable
remedies may be limited by equitable principles of general applicability and
(iii) the indemnification provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement may be
unenforceable as a matter of public policy. On the Closing Date, the
Registration Rights Agreement will conform as to legal matters to the
description thereof in the Offering Memorandum.

                  (j)      The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the
performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Operative Documents
will not contravene any provision of applicable law or the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its
subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or
court having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and no
consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any
governmental body or agency is required for the performance by the Company of
its obligations under the Operative Documents, except

                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11
such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states
in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares.

                  (k)      There are no legal or governmental proceedings
pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is or could be a party or to which any of their respective
property is or could be subject, which might result, singly or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (l)      Each of the Company and its subsidiaries (i) is in
compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws
and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the
environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or
contaminants ("Environmental Laws"), (ii) has received all permits, licenses or
other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct
its business and (iii) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any
such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with
Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other
approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits,
licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect.

                  (m)      There are no costs or liabilities associated with
Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating
expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with
Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints
on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which
would, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (n)      The Company and its subsidiaries possess all
certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, other
than those which, if not so possessed, would not have a Material Adverse Effect,
and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of
proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an
unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect,
except as described the Offering Memorandum.

                  (o)      The Company and its subsidiaries have good and
marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable
title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business
of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the Offering Memorandum
or such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the
Company and its subsidiaries; and any real property and buildings held under
lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and
do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and
buildings by the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case
except as described in the Offering Memorandum.

                  (p)      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are independent public
accountants with respect to the Company and Network 24 Communications, Inc. and
Ernst & Young, LLP were, for the year ended December 31, 1999, independent
public accountants for INTERVU Inc., as required by the Act and the Exchange
Act.

                  (q)      The historical financial statements, together with
related schedules and notes incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum
(and any amendment or supplement thereto),

                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12
present fairly the consolidated financial position, results of operations and
changes in financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries at the
respective dates or for the respective periods to which they apply; such
statements and related schedules and notes have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the
periods involved, except as disclosed therein; and the other financial and
statistical information and data set forth or incorporated by reference in the
Offering Memorandum (and any amendment or supplement thereto) are, in all
material respects, accurately presented and prepared on a basis consistent with
such financial statements and the books and records of the Company.

                  (r)      The pro forma financial information of the Company
included in the Offering Memorandum have been prepared on a basis consistent
with the historical financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and
the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the
adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and
circumstances referred to therein and present fairly the historical and proposed
transactions contemplated by the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the
Offering Memorandum The other pro forma financial and statistical information
and data included in the Offering Memorandum are, in all material respects,
accurately presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the pro forma
financial statements.

                  (s)      The Company and its subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (1)
transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific
authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles and to maintain asset accountability; (3) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific
authorization; and (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with
the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

                  (t)      The Company or its subsidiaries own or possess, or
can acquire on reasonable terms, all material patents, patent rights, licenses,
inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented
and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or
procedures), trademarks, service marks and trade names currently employed by it
in connection with the business now operated by it, and neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries have received any notice of infringement of or conflict
with asserted rights of others with respect to any of the foregoing which,
singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (u)      No material labor dispute with the employees of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries exists, except as described in the Offering
Memorandum, or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent; and the Company is
not aware of any existing, threatened or imminent labor disturbance by the
employees of any of its principal suppliers, manufacturers or contractors that
could have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (v)      The Company and its subsidiaries are insured by the
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as, in the Company's reasonable judgment, are prudent and
customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or
applied for; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason
to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect, except as described in the Offering Memorandum.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13
                  (w)      The Company is not and, after giving effect to the
offering and sale of the Notes and the application of the net proceeds thereof
as described in the Offering Memorandum, will not be, an "investment company,"
as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

                  (x)      Other than (a) the Fourth Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 20, 1999, (b) the Declaration of
Registration Rights, dated January 24, 2000, (c) the INTERVU, Inc. and Josepthal
& Co. Inc. and Cruttenden Roth Incorporated Advisors Warrant Agreement dated as
of June 18, 1998 (the "1998 Intervu Agreement") and (d) the INTERVU, Inc. and
Josepthal Lyon & Ross Incorporated and Cruttenden Roth Incorporated Advisors
Warrant Agreement dated as of November 19, 1997 (the "1997 Intervu Agreement"),
in each case by and among the Company and the persons named therein, there are
no contracts, agreements or understandings between the Company and any person
granting such person the right to require the Company to file a registration
statement under the Act with respect to any securities of the Company. No such
contract, agreement or understanding contains a provision requiring the Company
to include such securities with the Notes registered pursuant to any
Registration Statement, except as has been waived or, in the case of the 1998
Intervu Agreement and the 1997 Intervu Agreement, which the Company will use its
best efforts to have waived by the parties thereto.

                  (y)      To the Company's knowledge, no officer or director of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in breach or violation of any
employment agreement, non-competition agreement, confidentiality agreement, or
other agreement restricting the nature or scope of employment to which such
officer or director is a party, and, to the Company's knowledge, the conduct of
the business, as described in the Offering Memorandum, will not result in a
breach or violation of any such agreement.

                  (z)      There are no outstanding options to acquire shares of
capital stock of the Company except as disclosed in the Offering Memorandum and
except as have been granted under (i) the Second Amended and Restated 1998 Stock
Incentive Plan, (ii) the Network24 Communications, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan,
(iii) the Third Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Option Plan of INTERVU Inc.,
(iv) the 1996 Stock Option Plan of INTERVU Inc. and (v) the Netpodium Inc. 1998
Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, and (v) the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

                  (aa)     There are no outstanding warrants to acquire shares
of capital stock of the Company except as disclosed in the Offering Memorandum
and except as have been granted under the 15% Senior Subordinated Notes and
Warrants to Purchase Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 7, 1999.

                  (bb)     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor
any agent thereof acting on the behalf of it has taken, and none of them will
take, any action that might cause this Agreement or the issuance or sale of the
Notes to violate Regulation T (12 C.F.R. Part 220), Regulation U (12 C.F.R. Part
221) or Regulation X (12 C.F.R. Part 224) of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System.

                  (cc)     No "nationally recognized statistical rating
organization," as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) under the
Act (i) has imposed (or has informed the Company that it is considering
imposing) any condition (financial or otherwise) on the Company's retaining any
rating assigned to the Company or any securities of the Company or (ii) has
indicated to the Company that it is considering (a) the downgrading, suspension,
or withdrawal of, or any review for a possible change that does not indicate the
direction of the possible change in, any rating so assigned or (b) any change in
the outlook for any rating of the Company, or any securities of the Company.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14
                  (dd)     Since the respective dates as of which information is
given in the Offering Memorandum other than as set forth in the Offering
Memorandum (exclusive of any amendments or supplements thereto subsequent to the
date of this Agreement), (i) there has not occurred any material adverse change
or any development involving a prospective material adverse change in the
condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of
the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has incurred any material liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, nor entered into any material transaction not in the
ordinary course of business; (iii) the Company has not purchased any of its
outstanding capital stock, nor declared, paid or otherwise made any dividend or
distribution of any kind on its capital stock other than ordinary and customary
dividends; and (iv) there has not been any material change in the capital stock,
short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
except in each case as described in the Offering Memorandum.

                  (ee)     The Offering Memorandum, as of its date, contains all
the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4)
under the Act.

                  (ff)     When the Notes are issued and delivered pursuant to
this Agreement, the Notes will not be of the same class (within the meaning of
Rule 144A under the Act) as any security of the Company that is listed on a
national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or
that is quoted in a United States automated inter-dealer quotation system.

                  (gg)     No form of general solicitation or general
advertising (as defined in Regulation D under the Act) was used by the Company,
or any of its representatives (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the
Company makes no representation) in connection with the offer and sale of the
Notes contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to, articles, notices or
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar medium or
broadcast over television or radio, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees
have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. No
securities of the same class as the Securities have been issued and sold by the
Company within the six-month period immediately prior to the date hereof, except
under the Company's stock option and stock purchase plan and in connection with
the acquisitions of Network 24 and INTERVU (including stock option plans of such
companies assumed in connection with such acquisitions).

                  (hh)     Prior to the effectiveness of any Registration
Statement, the Indenture is not required to be qualified under the TIA.

                  (ii)     No registration under the Act of the Securities is
required for the sale of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers as
contemplated hereby or for the Exempt Resales assuming the accuracy of the
Initial Purchasers' representations and warranties and agreements set forth in
Section 7 hereof.

                  (jj)     Each certificate signed by any officer of the Company
and delivered to the Initial Purchasers or counsel for the Initial Purchasers
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the
Initial Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby.

                  The Company acknowledges that the Initial Purchasers and, for
purposes of the opinions to be delivered to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to
Section 9 hereof, counsel to the Company and counsel to the Initial Purchasers
will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the foregoing representations and
hereby consents to such reliance.

         7.       INITIAL PURCHASERS' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each
Initial Purchaser, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to, and
agrees with, the Company:

                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15
                  (a)      Such Initial Purchaser is a QIB with such knowledge
and experience in financial and business matters as is necessary in order to
evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes.

                  (b)      Such Initial Purchaser (A) is not acquiring the
Securities with a view to any distribution thereof or with any present intention
of offering or selling any of the Securities in a transaction that would violate
the Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other
applicable jurisdiction and (B) will be reoffering and reselling the Securities
only to (x) QIBs in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements
of the Act provided by Rule 144A and (y) not more than five (5) Accredited
Institutions that execute and deliver a letter containing certain
representations and agreements in the form attached as Annex A to the Offering
Memorandum. Such Initial Purchaser agrees that it will provide each person to
whom it offers the Securities a copy of the Offering Memorandum prior to the
acceptance of any consideration for such Securities from such person.

                  (c)      Such Initial Purchaser agrees that no form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under
the Act) has been or will be used by such Initial Purchaser or any of its
representatives in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities pursuant
hereto, including, but not limited to, articles, notices or other communications
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium or broadcast over
television or radio, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited
by any general solicitation or general advertising.

                  (d)      Such Initial Purchaser agrees that, in connection
with Exempt Resales, such Initial Purchaser will solicit offers to buy the
Securities only from, and will offer to sell the Securities only to, Eligible
Purchasers. Each Initial Purchaser further agrees that it will offer to sell the
Securities only to, and will solicit offers to buy the Securities only from (A)
Eligible Purchasers that Such Initial Purchaser reasonably believes are QIBs,
(B) Accredited Institutions who make the representations contained in, and
execute and return to the Initial Purchaser, a certificate in the form of Annex
A attached to the Offering Memorandum, that agree that (x) the Securities
purchased by them may be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred other than
pursuant to the Registration Statement or upon furnishing evidence satisfactory
to the Company that the Securities are exempt from the registration requirement
under the Act, only (I) to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (II) to a
person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of
Rule 144A under the Act, (III) in an offshore transaction (as defined in Rule
902 under the Act) meeting the requirements of Rule 904 of the Act, (IV) in a
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144 under the Act, (V) to an
Accredited Institution that, prior to such transfer, furnishes the Trustee a
signed letter containing certain representations and agreements relating to the
registration of transfer of such Securities (the form of which is substantially
the same as Annex B to the Offering Memorandum) and, if requested by the
Company, an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company that such transfer is
in compliance with the Act, (VI) in accordance with another exemption from the
registration requirements of the Act (and based upon an opinion of counsel
acceptable to the Company) or (VII) pursuant to an effective registration
statement and, in each case, in accordance with the applicable securities laws
of any state of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction and (y)
they will deliver to each person to whom such Securities or an interest therein
is transferred a notice substantially to the effect of the foregoing.

                  (e)      Such Initial Purchaser further represents and agrees
that (1) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities to
persons in the United Kingdom prior to the expiration of the period of six
months from the issue date of the Securities, except to persons whose ordinary
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their business or
otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in an

                                      -15-
<PAGE>   16
offer to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of the Public
Offers of Securities Regulations 1995, (ii) it has complied and will comply with
all applicable provisions of the Financial Services Act 1986 with respect to
anything done by it in relation to the Securities in, from or otherwise
involving the United Kingdom and (iii) it has only issued or passed on and will
only issue or pass on in the United Kingdom any document received by it in
connection with the issuance of the Notes to a person who is of a kind described
in Article 11(3) of the Financial Services Act of 1986 (Investment
Advertisements) (Exemptions) Order 1996 or is a person to whom the document may
otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on.

                  (f)      Such Initial Purchaser agrees that it will not offer,
sell or deliver any of the Securities in any jurisdiction outside the United
States except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the
applicable laws thereof, and that it will take at its own expense whatever
action is required to permit its purchase and resale of the Securities in such
jurisdictions. Such Initial Purchaser understands that no action has been taken
to permit a public offering in any jurisdiction outside the United States where
action would be required for such purpose.

                           Each Initial Purchaser acknowledges that the Company,
for purposes of the opinions to be delivered to each Initial Purchaser pursuant
to Section 9 hereof, counsel to the Company and counsel to the Initial
Purchasers will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the foregoing
representations and each Initial Purchaser hereby consents to such reliance.

         8.       INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (a)      The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
each Initial Purchaser, its directors, its officers and each person, if any, who
controls such Initial Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act), from and against any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and judgments (including, without limitation, any legal or
other expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any
matter, including any action, that could give rise to any such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or judgments) caused by any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Offering Memorandum (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) or the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or
caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, except insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
judgments are caused by any such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission based upon information relating to any Initial Purchaser
furnished in writing to the Company by such Initial Purchaser; provided,
however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement with respect to any Preliminary
Offering Memorandum shall not inure to the benefit of any Initial Purchaser who
failed to deliver a Final Offering Memorandum, as then amended or supplemented,
(so long as such Final Offering Memorandum and any amendment or supplement
thereto was provided by the Company to the several Initial Purchasers in the
requisite quantity and on a timely basis to permit proper delivery on or prior
to the Closing Date) to the person asserting any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or judgments caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in such Preliminary Offering Memorandum,
or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, if such material misstatement or omission or alleged material
misstatement or omission was cured in the Final Offering Memorandum, as so
amended or supplemented.

                  (b)      Each Initial Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and officers
and each person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) the Company to the same extent as the
foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Initial Purchasers but only with
reference to information

                                      -16-
<PAGE>   17
relating to such Initial Purchaser furnished in writing to the Company by such
Initial Purchaser expressly for use in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or
the Offering Memorandum.

                  (c)      In case any action shall be commenced involving any
person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 8(a) or
8(b) (the "INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), the indemnified party shall promptly notify the
person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") in
writing and the indemnifying party shall assume the defense of such action,
including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party and the payment of all fees and expenses of such counsel, as incurred
(except that in the case of any action in respect of which indemnity may be
sought pursuant to both Sections 8(a) and 8(b), the Initial Purchasers shall not
be required to assume the defense of such action pursuant to this Section 8(c),
but may employ separate counsel and participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel, except as provided below, shall be at the
expense of the Initial Purchasers). Any indemnified party shall have the right
to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of
the indemnified party unless (i) the employment of such counsel shall have been
specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (ii) the
indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such action or
employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party or (iii) the
named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both
the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, and the indemnified party
shall have been advised by such counsel that there may be one or more legal
defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those
available to the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party shall
not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf of the
indemnified party). In any such case, the indemnifying party shall not, in
connection with any one action or separate but substantially similar or related
actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or
circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate
firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) for all indemnified parties
and all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Such
firm shall be designated in writing by Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities
Corporation, in the case of the parties indemnified pursuant to Section 8(a),
and by the Company, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 8(b).
The indemnifying party shall indemnify and hold harmless the indemnified party
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and judgments
by reason of any settlement of any action effected with the written consent of
the indemnifying party. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement or compromise of, or
consent to the entry of judgment with respect to, any pending or threatened
action in respect of which the indemnified party is or could have been a party
and indemnity or contribution may be or could have been sought hereunder by the
indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or judgment (i) includes
an unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability on claims
that are or could have been the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not
include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to
act, by or on behalf of the indemnified party.

                  (d)      To the extent the indemnification provided for in
this Section 8 is unavailable to an indemnified party or insufficient in respect
of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or judgments referred to therein,
then each indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party,
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a
result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and judgments (i) in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the
Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, from
the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause
8(d)(i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause
8(d)(i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or
omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or

                                      -17-
<PAGE>   18
judgments, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers,
on the other hand, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net
proceeds from the offering of the Securities (after Initial Purchaser's
discounts or commissions, but before deducting expenses) received by the
Company, and the total discounts and commissions received by the Initial
Purchasers bear to the total price to investors of the Securities, in each case
as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Offering Memorandum. The
relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on
the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Company, on the one hand, or the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the
parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent such statement or omission.

                           The Company and the Initial Purchasers agree that it
would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8(d)
were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Initial Purchasers were
treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation
which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the
immediately preceding paragraph. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified
party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities or judgments
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include,
subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred
by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any
matter, including any action, that could have given rise to such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or judgments. Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 8, the Initial Purchasers shall not be required to contribute any amount
in excess of the amount by which the total discounts and commissions received by
such Initial Purchasers exceeds the amount of any damages which the Initial
Purchasers has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. The Initial Purchasers' obligations to contribute
pursuant to this Section 8(d) are several in proportion to the respective
principal amount of Securities purchased by each of the Initial Purchasers
hereunder, and not joint.

                  (e)      The remedies provided for in this Section 8 are not
exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be
available to any indemnified party at law or in equity.

         9.       CONDITIONS OF INITIAL PURCHASER'S OBLIGATIONS. The obligations
of the Initial Purchasers to purchase the Firm Notes under this Agreement on the
Closing Date and the Additional Notes, if any, on any Option Closing Date are
subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions.

                  (a)      All the representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct on the Closing Date, or on
the Option Closing Date, if any, with the same force and effect as if made on
and as of the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, if any.

                  (b)      On or after the date hereof, (i) there shall not have
occurred any downgrading, suspension or withdrawal of, nor shall any notice have
been given of any potential or intended downgrading, suspension or withdrawal
of, or of any review (or of any potential or intended review) for a possible
change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change in, any
rating of the Company or any securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, the placing of any of the foregoing ratings on credit watch with
negative or developing implications or under review with an uncertain direction)
by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" as such term is
defined for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) under the

                                      -18-
<PAGE>   19
Act, (ii) there shall not have occurred any change, nor shall any notice have
been given of any potential or intended change, in the outlook for any rating of
the Company or any securities of the Company by any such rating organization and
(iii) no such rating organization shall have given notice that it has assigned
(or is considering assigning) a lower rating to the Notes than that on which the
Notes were marketed.

                  (c)      Since the respective dates as of which information is
given in the Offering Memorandum other than as set forth in the Offering
Memorandum (exclusive of any amendments or supplements thereto subsequent to the
date of this Agreement), (i) there shall not have occurred any change or any
development involving a prospective change in the condition, financial or
otherwise, or the earnings, business, management or operations of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) there shall not have been any
change or any development involving a prospective change in the capital stock or
in the long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (iii)
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have incurred any
liability or obligation, direct or contingent, the effect of which, in any such
case described in clause 9(c)(i), 9(c)(ii) or 9(c)(iii), in your judgment, is
material and adverse and, in your judgment, makes it impracticable to market the
Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Offering
Memorandum.

                  (d)      You shall have received on the Closing Date a
certificate, dated the Closing Date, and on an Option Closing Date, if any,
dated such Option Closing Date, signed by the President and the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, confirming the matters set forth in Sections 6(dd), 9(a)
and 9(b) and stating that the Company has complied with all the agreements and
satisfied all of the conditions herein contained and required to be complied
with or satisfied on or prior to the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the
case may be.

                  (e)      You shall have received on the Closing Date and each
Option Closing Date, if any, an opinion (satisfactory to you and counsel for the
Initial Purchasers), dated the Closing Date or such Option Closing Date, as the
case may be, of Hale and Dorr, LLP, counsel for the Company, to the effect that:

                           (i) each of the Company and its subsidiaries has been
                           duly incorporated, is validly existing as a
                           corporation in good standing under the laws of its
                           jurisdiction of incorporation and has the corporate
                           power and authority to own its property and to
                           conduct its business as described in the Offering
                           Memorandum;

                           (ii) the Company is duly qualified and is in good
                           standing as a foreign corporation authorized to do
                           business in The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the
                           State of California, which, to such counsel's
                           knowledge, are the only states in which the Company
                           owns or leases any real property in the United
                           States;

                           (iii) all the outstanding shares of capital stock of
                           the Company have been duly authorized and validly
                           issued and are fully paid and non-assessable;

                           (iv) all of the outstanding shares of capital stock
                           of each of the Company's subsidiaries have been duly
                           authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and
                           non-assessable, and are owned by the Company, free
                           and clear of any Liens (it being understood that
                           counsel acceptable to the Initial Purchasers may
                           provide such opinion in lieu of Hale and Dorr LLP);

                           (v) the Notes have been duly authorized and, when
                           executed and authenticated in accordance with the
                           provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid
                           for by


                                      -19-
<PAGE>   20
                           the Initial Purchasers in accordance with the terms
                           of this Agreement, will be entitled to the benefits
                           of the Indenture and will be valid and binding
                           obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance
                           with their terms except as (x) the enforceability
                           thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
                           insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors'
                           rights generally and (y) rights of acceleration and
                           availability of equitable remedies may be limited by
                           equitable principles of general applicability;

                           (vi) the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed
                           and delivered by the Company and is a valid and
                           binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against
                           the Company in accordance with its terms except as
                           (x) the enforceability thereof may be limited by
                           applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws
                           affecting creditors' rights generally and (y) rights
                           of acceleration and the availability of equitable
                           remedies may be limited by equitable principles of
                           general applicability;

                           (vii) the Notes are convertible into Common Stock in
                           accordance with the terms of the Indenture; the
                           shares of Common Stock initially issuable upon
                           conversion of the Notes have been duly authorized and
                           reserved for issuance upon such conversion and, when
                           issued upon such conversion in accordance with the
                           terms of the Notes, will be validly issued, fully
                           paid and nonassessable; the issuance of the Notes,
                           and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
                           thereof, will not be subject to any pre-emptive
                           rights under the Delaware General Corporate Law, the
                           certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the
                           Company or, to such counsel's knowledge, similar
                           rights granted by contract;

                           (viii) the authorized capital stock of the Company
                           conforms as to legal matters to the description
                           thereof contained in the Offering Memorandum;

                           (ix) this Agreement has been duly authorized,
                           executed and delivered by the Company;

                           (x) The Registration Rights Agreement has been duly
                           authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and
                           is a valid and binding agreement of the Company
                           enforceable against the Company in accordance with
                           its terms, except as (x) the enforceability thereof
                           may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
                           laws affecting creditors' rights generally, (y)
                           rights of acceleration and the availability of
                           equitable remedies may be limited by equitable
                           principles of general applicability and (z) except as
                           to indemnification and contribution provisions under
                           the Registration Rights Agreement may be limited
                           under applicable law;

                           (xi) the statements under the captions "Description
                           of Convertible Notes," "Description of Capital
                           Stock," "Summary of Certain United States Federal
                           Income Tax Consequences," "Plan of Distribution,"
                           "Notice to Investors," and in the first, second,
                           third, fourth, sixth and seventh paragraphs of "Plan
                           of Distribution" in the Offering Memorandum, insofar
                           as such statements constitute a summary of the legal
                           matters, documents or proceedings referred to
                           therein, fairly summarize in all material respects
                           such legal matters, documents and proceedings;

                                      -20-
<PAGE>   21
                           (xii) the execution, delivery and performance of this
                           Agreement and the other Operative Documents by the
                           Company, the compliance by the Company with all
                           provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of
                           the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will
                           not (i) require any consent, approval, authorization
                           or other order of, or qualification with, any court
                           or governmental body or agency (except such as may be
                           required under the securities or Blue Sky laws of the
                           various states and by Federal and state securities
                           laws with respect to the Company's obligation under
                           the Registration Rights Agreement), (ii) contravene
                           any of the terms or provisions of, or a default
                           under, the charter or by-laws of the Company or any
                           indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, lease or other
                           agreement or instrument that is filed as an exhibit
                           to any of the Company's filings with the Securities
                           and Exchange Commission, under the Exchange Act which
                           are incorporated by reference in the Offering
                           Memorandum, (iii) violate any applicable law or any
                           rule or regulation, or, to such counsel's knowledge,
                           judgment, order or decree naming the Company or any
                           subsidiary of any United States or Massachusetts
                           court or any governmental body or agency having
                           jurisdiction over the Company or its property;

                           (xiii) such counsel does not know of any legal or
                           governmental proceedings pending or threatened to
                           which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or
                           could be a party or to which any of its property is
                           or could be subject, which such counsel believes are
                           likely to result, singly or in the aggregate, in a
                           Material Adverse Effect;

                           (xiv) the Company is not and, after giving effect to
                           the offering and sale of the Notes and the
                           application of the net proceeds thereof as described
                           in the Offering Memorandum, will not be, an
                           "investment company" as such term is defined in the
                           Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

                           (xv) the Indenture complies as to form in all
                           material respects with the requirements of the TIA,
                           and the rules and regulations of the Commission
                           applicable to an indenture which is qualified
                           thereunder. Based upon and assuming the accuracy of
                           the representations warranties of the Company and the
                           Initial Purchasers, it is not necessary in connection
                           with the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes to the
                           Initial Purchasers in the manner contemplated by this
                           Agreement or in connection with the Exempt Resales in
                           the manner contemplated by this Agreement to qualify
                           the Indenture under the TIA, it being understood that
                           no opinion is expressed as to any subsequent resale
                           of the Notes or the Common Stock;

                           (xvi) it is not necessary in connection with the
                           offer, sale and delivery of the Securities to the
                           Initial Purchasers as contemplated by this Agreement
                           or for the Exempt Resales to register the Securities
                           under the Securities Act of 1933, assuming that the
                           accuracy of, and compliance with, the Initial
                           Purchasers' representations and agreements contained
                           in Section 7 of this Agreement and (ii) the accuracy
                           of the representations of the Company set forth in
                           Sections 6(gg) of this Agreement.

                           (xvii) each document filed under the Exchange Act
                           incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum
                           (except for financial statements and other financial
                           and

                                      -21-
<PAGE>   22
                           statistical data included therein, as to which such
                           counsel need not express any opinion), complied as to
                           form when filed with the Commission in all material
                           respects with the Exchange Act and the rules and
                           regulations of the Commission thereunder.

                           Such counsel shall also state that it has no reason
                           to believe that, as of the date of the Offering
                           Memorandum or as of the Closing Date or the Option
                           Closing Date, as the case may be, the Offering
                           Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, if applicable
                           (except for the financial statements and other
                           financial and statistical data included therein, as
                           to which such counsel need not express any belief)
                           contains any untrue statement of a material fact or
                           omits to state a material fact necessary in order to
                           make the statements therein, in the light of the
                           circumstances under which they were made, not
                           misleading.

                  The opinion of Hale and Dorr LLP described in Section 9(e)
above shall be rendered to you at the request of the Company and shall so state
therein. In giving such opinion with respect to the matters covered by the
immediately preceding paragraph, Hale and Dorr LLP may state that their opinion
and belief are based upon their participation in the preparation of the Offering
Memorandum and any amendments or supplements thereto and review and discussion
of the contents thereof, but are without independent check or verification
except as specified.

                  (f)      The Initial Purchasers shall have received on the
Closing Date an opinion of Hughes & Luce, patent counsel to the Company, dated
the Closing date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to them.

                  (g)      The Initial Purchasers shall have received on the
Closing Date the opinion of Kathryn L. Jorden, General Counsel to the Company,
to the effect that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the other Operative Documents by the Company, the compliance by the Company with
all provisions hereof and thereof and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby will not contravene any of the terms or
provisions of, or a default under, the charter or by-laws of the Company or any
indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument that
is material to the Company.

                  (h)      The Initial Purchasers shall have received on the
Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, an opinion, dated the Closing
Date, of Ropes & Gray, counsel for the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers.

                  (i)      The Initial Purchasers shall have received, at the
time this Agreement is executed and at the Closing Date and each Option Closing
Date, letters dated the date hereof or the Closing Date or an Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, in the form and substance satisfactory to the Initial
Purchasers from each of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, independent public
accountants to the Company and Network24 Communications, Inc., containing the
information and statements of the type ordinarily included in accountants'
"comfort letters" to the Initial Purchasers with respect to the Initial
Purchasers with respect to the financial statements and certain financial
information contained in the Offering Memorandum.

                  (j)      The Notes shall have been approved by the NASD for
trading and duly listed in PORTAL.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>   23
                  (k)      Application shall have been made for the approval for
quotation on the Nasdaq National Market for the Securities.

                  (l)      The Initial Purchasers shall have received a
counterpart, conformed as executed, of the Indenture which shall have been
entered into by the Company and the Trustee.

                  (m)      The Company shall have executed the Registration
Rights Agreement and the Initial Purchasers shall have received an original copy
thereof, duly executed by the Company.

                  (n)      The Company shall not have failed at or prior to the
Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, to perform or
comply with any of the agreements herein contained and required to be performed
or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date or Option
Closing Date, as the case may be.

         10.      EFFECTIVENESS OF AGREEMENT AND TERMINATION. This Agreement may
be terminated at any time on or prior to the Closing Date by the Initial
Purchasers by written notice to the Company if any of the following has
occurred: (i) any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or
international calamity or crisis or change in economic conditions or in the
financial markets of the United States or elsewhere that, in the Initial
Purchasers' judgment, is material and adverse and, in the Initial Purchasers'
judgment, makes it impracticable to market the Securities on the terms and in
the manner contemplated in the Offering Memorandum, (ii) the suspension or
material limitation of trading in securities generally or other instruments on
the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the Chicago Board of
Options Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade or
the Nasdaq National Market or limitation on prices for securities or other
instruments on any such exchange or the Nasdaq National Market, (iii) the
suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the
over-the-counter market, (iv) the enactment, publication, decree or other
promulgation of any federal or state statute, regulation, rule or order of any
court or other governmental authority which in your opinion materially and
adversely affects, or will materially and adversely affect, the business,
prospects, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (v) the declaration of a banking moratorium by
either federal or New York State authorities or (vi) the taking of any action by
any federal, state or local government or agency in respect of its monetary or
fiscal affairs which in your opinion has a material adverse effect on the
financial markets in the United States.

                  If on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case
may be, any one or more of the Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to
purchase the Notes which it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such
date and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which such defaulting
Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers, as the case may be, agreed but failed
or refused to purchase is not more than one-tenth of the aggregate principal
amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date by all Initial Purchasers, each
non-defaulting Initial Purchaser shall be obligated severally, in the proportion
which the principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite its name in Schedule
A bears to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which all the
non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, as the case may be, have agreed to purchase,
or in such other proportion as you may specify, to purchase the Notes which such
defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers, as the case may be, agreed
but failed or refused to purchase on such date; provided that in no event shall
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which any Initial Purchaser has
agreed to purchase pursuant to Section 2 hereof be increased pursuant to this
Section 10 by an amount in excess of one-ninth of such principal amount of the
Notes without the written consent of such Initial Purchaser. If on the Closing
Date, or an Option Closing Date, as the case may be, any Initial Purchaser or
Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to purchase the Notes and the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such default occurs is more
than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the

                                      -23-
<PAGE>   24
Notes to be purchased by all Initial Purchasers and arrangements satisfactory to
the Initial Purchasers and the Company for purchase of such the Notes are not
made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement will terminate without
liability on the part of any non-defaulting Initial Purchaser and the Company.
In any such case which does not result in termination of this Agreement, either
you or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, or such
Option Closing Date, as the case may be, but in no event for longer than seven
days, in order that the required changes, if any, in the Offering Memorandum or
any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Any action taken under this
paragraph shall not relieve any defaulting Initial Purchaser from liability in
respect of any default of any such Initial Purchaser under this Agreement.

         11.      MISCELLANEOUS. Notices given pursuant to any provision of this
Agreement shall be addressed as follows: (i) if to the Company to 500 Technology
Square, Cambridge, MA 02139, Attention: General Counsel and (ii) if to the
Initial Purchasers, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, 277
Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172, Attention: Syndicate Department, or in
any case to such other address as the person to be notified may have requested
in writing.

                  The respective indemnities, contribution agreements,
representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and the Initial
Purchasers set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall remain
operative and in full force and effect, and will survive delivery of and payment
for the Securities regardless of (i) any investigation, or statement as to the
results thereof, made by or on behalf of the Initial Purchasers; the officers or
directors of the Initial Purchasers, any person controlling the Initial
Purchasers, the Company, the officers or directors of the Company, or any person
controlling the Company, (ii) acceptance of the Securities and payment for them
hereunder and (iii) termination of the Agreement.

                  If for any reason the Notes are not delivered by or on behalf
of the Company as provided herein (other than as a result of any termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 10), the Company agrees to reimburse the
Initial Purchasers for all out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees and
disbursements of counsel) incurred by them Notwithstanding any termination of
this Agreement, the Company shall be liable for all expenses which it has agreed
to pay pursuant to Section 5(i) hereof. The Company also agrees to reimburse the
Initial Purchasers and its officers, directors and each person, if any, who
controls such Initial Purchasers within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act for any and all fees and expenses (including
without limitation the fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by them in
connection with enforcing their rights under this Agreement (including without
limitation its rights under Section 8).

                  Except as otherwise provided, this Agreement has been and is
made solely for the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Company, the
Initial Purchasers, the Initial Purchasers' directors and officers, any
controlling persons referred to herein, the officers and directors of the
Company and their respective successors and assigns, all as and to the extent
provided in this Agreement, and no other person shall acquire or have any right
under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term "successors and assigns" shall
not include a purchaser of any of the Securities from the Initial Purchasers
merely because of such purchase.

                  This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York.

                  This Agreement may be signed in various counterparts which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>   25
                  Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the
agreement among the Company, and the Initial Purchasers.

                                               Very truly yours,

                                               AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                               By:
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Name:
                                                  Title:
<PAGE>   26
DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE
      SECURITIES CORPORATION
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED
SALOMON SMITH BARNEY INC.
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS LLC

By:      DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE
               SECURITIES CORPORATION



By:
         ----------------------------------
         Name:
         Title:

By:      MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED


By:
         ----------------------------------
         Name:
         Title:

On behalf of the Initial Purchasers
<PAGE>   27
                                   SCHEDULE A



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Principal Amount
Initial Purchaser                                          of Notes
<S>                                                    <C>
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation      $100,000,000

Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated                        $100,000,000

Salomon Smith Barney                                     $ 25,000,000
Inc.

Thomas Weisel Partners LLC                               $ 25,000,000

                                                         ------------
          Total                                          $250,000,000
</TABLE>

                                       1
<PAGE>   28
                                   SCHEDULE B

                    SUBSIDIARIES OF AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



INTERVU Inc.

Network 24 Communications, Inc.

Akamai Securities Corporation

Network Associates, Inc.

Netpodium Inc.

Videolinx Communications, Inc.

                                       1
<PAGE>   29
                                    EXHIBIT A
                      FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


                                      A-1
<PAGE>   30
                                                                       EXHIBIT B

                                                        MANAGEMENT/DIRECTOR FORM



                                 June ___, 2000




Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC


Dear Sirs and Mesdames:

         The undersigned understands that each of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC (each a "PURCHASER") proposes to enter into
a Purchase Agreement (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") with Akamai Technologies, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY") providing for the offering (the
"OFFERING") of $250,000,000 in principal amount of Convertible Notes Due 2007 of
the Company (the "NOTES").



         To induce the Purchasers that may participate in the Offering to
continue their efforts in connection with the Offering, the undersigned hereby
agrees that, without the prior written consent and waiver of Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, acting on
behalf of the Underwriters, the undersigned will not, during the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days after the date of the pricing
of the Notes, (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of,
directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK") or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (2) enter into any swap or
other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of Common Stock, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common
Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing sentence
shall not apply to transactions relating to shares of Common Stock or other
securities acquired by the undersigned in open market transactions or the sale
or transfer of shares to the acquiror in connection with the sale of the Company
pursuant to a merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise. In addition,
the undersigned agrees that, without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley
& Co. Incorporated and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, it
will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days
after the date of the pricing of the Notes, make any demand for or exercise any
right with respect to, the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any
security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock.
Notwithstanding the above, beginning after the 60th day after the date of the
pricing of the Notes, 5% of the shares of Common Stock held by the undersigned
shall cease to be subject to the terms of this lock-up.



       Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) gifts and transfers by will or
intestacy; or (ii) transfers to (A) the undersigned's members, partners,
stockholders, affiliates or immediate family, (B) a trust, the beneficiaries of
which are the undersigned and/or members of the undersigned's immediate family,
or (C) a trust or other entity for charitable and/or estate or financial
planning purposes, shall not be prohibited by this agreement; provided, that (x)
the donee or transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the foregoing in the
same manner as it applies to the undersigned, and (y) if the donor or transferor
is a reporting person subject to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the "Exchange Act"), any gifts or transfers made in accordance with this
paragraph shall not require such person to, and such person shall not
voluntarily, file a report of such transaction on Form 4 under the

                                      B-1
<PAGE>   31
Exchange Act. For purposes hereof, "immediate family" shall mean spouse, lineal
descendants, father, mother, brother or sister of the transferor and father,
mother, brother or sister of the transferor's spouse.


       Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated, acting on behalf of the Underwriters, may in their sole
discretion waive or amend any restriction contained in any lock-up agreement
with a shareholder of the Company; provided, that, if any shareholder listed on
Exhibit A hereto (the "Permitted Seller") sells in excess of an aggregate of
5,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such waiver or amendment, the
undersigned shall be permitted to sell that percentage of his, her or its total
number of shares of Common Stock that equals the percentage obtained by dividing
(x) the number of shares of Common Stock in excess of 5,000 that are sold by the
Permitted Seller pursuant to such waiver or amendment, by (y) the total number
of shares of Common Stock held by the Permitted Seller prior to such sale. The
undersigned agrees that the terms of this lock-up supercedes the terms of any
and all other lock-ups relating to Common Stock of the Company entered into by
the undersigned prior to the date hereof.

       The undersigned agrees that the terms of this lock-up supercede the terms
of any and all other lock-ups relating to Common Stock of the Company entered
into by the undersigned prior to the date hereof. This agreement shall
automatically terminate if any of the persons listed on Schedule A hereto fail
to sign a lock-up substantially in the form hereof prior to the date of the
closing of the Offering, if the Purchase Agreement is not entered into by June
23, 2000 or if the Purchasers do not purchase the Notes and the Purchase
Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.



                                   Very truly yours,






                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Print Name - Individual or Entity)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Signature)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Title, if applicable)



                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                    (Address)


                                      B-2
<PAGE>   32
                                   SCHEDULE A






George H. Conrades

Paul Sagan

F. Thomson Leighton

Daniel M. Lewin

Timothy Weller

Robert O. Ball III

Earl P. Galleher III

Steven P. Heinrich

Jonathan Seelig

Arthur H. Bilger

Avraham T. Freedman

Ross A. Seider

Wendy Ziner

Kathryn Jorden

Todd A. Dagres

Terrance G. McGuire

Edward W. Scott

Battery Ventures IV, L.P.

Battery Investment Partners IV, LLC

Baker Communications Fund, L.P.

Polaris Venture Management Co. II., L.L.C.

Polaris Venture Partners II L.P.

Polaris Venture Partners Founders' Fund II L.P.

ADASE Partners L.P.


                                      B-3
<PAGE>   33
                                                                     EXHIBIT C-1

                                                                   TRUST VERSION


                                  June __, 2000


Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC


Dear Sirs and Mesdames:

         The undersigned understands that each of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC (each a "PURCHASER") proposes to enter into
a Purchase Agreement (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") with Akamai Technology, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY") providing for the offering (the "OFFERING")
of $250,000,000 in principal amount of Convertible Notes Due 2007 of the Company
(the "NOTES").



         To induce the Purchasers that may participate in the Offering to
continue their efforts in connection with the Offering, the undersigned hereby
agrees that, without the prior written consent and waiver of Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, acting on
behalf of the Underwriters, the undersigned will not, during the period
commencing on the date of the expiration of the undersigned's existing lock-up
with any of the Purchasers and ending 90 days after the date of the pricing of
the Notes, (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of,
directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK") or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (2) enter into any swap or
other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of Common Stock, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common
Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing sentence
shall not apply to (a) transactions relating to shares of Common Stock or other
securities acquired by the undersigned in open market transactions, (b)
transactions relating to shares of Common Stock that were subject to the partial
early release granted to the undersigned by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
effective on March 29, 2000, or (c) the sale or transfer of shares to the
acquiror in connection with the sale of the Company pursuant to a merger, sale
of stock, sale of assets or otherwise. In addition, the undersigned agrees that,
without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, it will not, during the
period commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days after the date of the
pricing of the Notes, make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to
the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock. Notwithstanding the above
restrictions, beginning after July 25, 2000, 20% of the shares of Common Stock
held by the undersigned shall cease to be subject to the terms of this lock-up.



       Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers to (i) the undersigned's
beneficiaries or affiliates, (ii) a trust, the beneficiaries of which are the
undersigned, any beneficiary of the undersigned and/or immediate family members
of any beneficiaries of the undersigned or (iii) a trust or other entity for
charitable and/or estate or financial planning purposes, shall not be prohibited
by this agreement; provided, that (x) the donee or transferee agrees in writing
to be bound by the foregoing in the same manner as it applies to the undersigned
and (y) if the donor or transferor is a reporting person subject to Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), any gifts or
transfers made in accordance with this paragraph shall not require such person
to, and such person shall not

                                      C-1
<PAGE>   34
voluntarily, file a report of such transaction on Form 4 under the Exchange Act.
For purposes hereof, "immediate family" shall mean spouse, lineal descendants,
father, mother, brother or sister of the transferor and father, mother, brother
or sister of the transferor's spouse.


       Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation and Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated, acting on behalf of the Underwriters, may in their discretion
waive or amend any restriction contained in any lock-up agreement with a
shareholder of the Company; provided that if any shareholder listed on Schedule
A hereto (the "Permitted Seller") sells, distributes or otherwise transfers in
excess of an aggregate of 5,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such
waiver or amendment, the undersigned shall be permitted to sell that percentage
of his, her or its total number of shares of Common Stock that equals the
percentage obtained by dividing (x) the number of shares of Common Stock in
excess of 5,000 that are sold by the Permitted Seller pursuant to such waiver or
amendment, by (y) the total number of shares of Common Stock held by the
Permitted Seller prior to such sale.


       The undersigned agrees that the terms of this lock-up supercedes the
terms of any and all other lock-ups relating to Common Stock of the Company
entered into by the undersigned prior to the date hereof.

                                      C-2
<PAGE>   35
       This agreement shall automatically terminate if the Purchase Agreement is
not entered into by June 23, 2000 or if the Purchasers do not purchase the Notes
and the Purchase Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.



                                   Very truly yours,




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Print Name of Trust)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Authorized Signature)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Title)





                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Address and Telephone Number)


                                      C-3
<PAGE>   36
                                   SCHEDULE A





ATREL Trust
Mallard Trust
George Conrades Trust
AKME Trust
Arthur Bilger 1996 Trust


                                      C-4
<PAGE>   37
                                                                     EXHIBIT C-2

                                                        CHARITABLE TRUST VERSION




                                  June __, 2000


Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Thomas Weisel Partners LLC


Dear Sirs and Mesdames:

         The undersigned understands that each of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC (each a "PURCHASER") proposes to enter into
a Purchase Agreement (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT") with Akamai Technology, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY") providing for the offering (the "OFFERING")
of $250,000,000 in principal amount of Convertible Notes Due 2007 of the Company
(the "NOTES").



         To induce the Purchasers that may participate in the Offering to
continue their efforts in connection with the Offering, the undersigned hereby
agrees that, without the prior written consent and waiver of either Donaldson,
Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
acting on behalf of the Underwriters, the undersigned will not, during the
period commencing on the date of the expiration of the undersigned's existing
lock-up with any of the Purchasers and ending 90 days after the date of the
pricing of the Notes, (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option
or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any
option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of,
directly or indirectly, any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK") or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (2) enter into any swap or
other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of Common Stock, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common
Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing sentence
shall not apply to transactions relating to shares of Common Stock or other
securities acquired by the undersigned in open market transactions or the sale
or transfer of shares to the acquiror in connection with the sale of the Company
pursuant to a merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise. In addition,
the undersigned agrees that, without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley
& Co. Incorporated and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, it
will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days
after the date of the pricing of the Notes, make any demand for or exercise any
right with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any
security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock.
Notwithstanding the above, beginning after July 25, 2000, 50% of the shares of
Common Stock held by the undersigned shall cease to be subject to the terms of
this lock-up.



       Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers to (i) the undersigned's
beneficiaries or affiliates, (ii) a trust, the beneficiaries of which are the
undersigned, any beneficiary of the undersigned and/or immediate family members
of any beneficiaries of the undersigned or (iii) a trust or other entity for
charitable and/or estate or financial planning purposes, shall not be prohibited
by this agreement; provided, that (x) the donee or transferee agrees in writing
to be bound by the foregoing in the same manner as it applies to the undersigned
and (y) if the donor or transferor is a reporting person subject to Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), any gifts or
transfers made in accordance with this paragraph shall not require such person
to, and such person shall not voluntarily, file a report of such transaction on
Form 4 under the Exchange Act. For purposes hereof, "immediate family" shall
mean spouse, lineal descendants, father, mother, brother or sister of the
transferor and father, mother, brother or sister of the transferor's spouse.

                                      C-5
<PAGE>   38
       The undersigned agrees that the terms of this lock-up supercedes the
terms of any and all other lock-ups relating to Common Stock of the Company
entered into by the undersigned prior to the date hereof.

       This agreement shall automatically terminate if the Purchase Agreement is
not entered into by June 23, 2000 or if the Purchasers do not purchase the Notes
and the Purchase Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms.



                                   Very truly yours,




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Print Name of Trust)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Authorized Signature)




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Title)





                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   (Address and Telephone Number)


                                      C-6
<PAGE>   39
                                     ANNEX 1



MANAGEMENT/DIRECTOR LOCK-UP (EXHIBIT B)


George H. Conrades
Paul Sagan
F. Thomas Leighton
Daniel M. Lewin
Timothy Weller
Robert O. Ball III
Earl P. Galleher III
Steven P. Heinrich
Jonathan Seelig
Arthur H. Bilger
Avraham T. Freedman
Ross A. Seider
Wendy Ziner
Kathryn Jordon
Todd A. Dagres
Terrance G. McGuire
Edward W. Scott
Battery Ventures IV, L.P.
Battery Investment Partners IV, LLC
Baker Communications Fund, L.P.
Polaris Venture Management Co. II., L.L.C.
Polaris Venture Partners Founders' Fund II L.P.
ADASE Partners L.P.

TRUST LOCK-UP (EXHIBIT C-1)

ATREL Trust
Mallard Trust
George Conrades Trust
AKME Trust
Arthur Bilger 1996 Trust


CHARITABLE TRUST LOCK-UP (EXHIBIT C-2)

New TAB Trust
Aurora Trust


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INDENTITURE DATED 6/20/2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit: 99.4






                           AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

                                     Issuer,

                                       and

                      STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY,

                                     Trustee

                            ------------------------


                                    INDENTURE


                            Dated as of June 20, 2000

                            ------------------------



                                  $250,000,000

                 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes Due 2007


<PAGE>   2

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


<S>                                                                          <C>
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; TRUST INDENTURE ACT..................................   1
   SECTION 1.01. DEFINITIONS................................................   1
   SECTION 1.02. OTHER DEFINITIONS..........................................   5
   SECTION 1.03. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE OF TRUST INDENTURE ACT..........   6
   SECTION 1.04. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION......................................   7

ARTICLE II THE NOTES........................................................   7
   SECTION 2.01. FORM AND DATING............................................   7
   SECTION 2.02. EXECUTION AND AUTHENTICATION...............................  11
   SECTION 2.03. REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT.................................  11
   SECTION 2.04. PAYING AGENT TO HOLD MONEY IN TRUST........................  12
   SECTION 2.05. HOLDER LISTS...............................................  12
   SECTION 2.06. TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE......................................  12
   SECTION 2.07. REPLACEMENT NOTES..........................................  17
   SECTION 2.08. OUTSTANDING NOTES..........................................  18
   SECTION 2.09. TREASURY NOTES.............................................  18
   SECTION 2.10. TEMPORARY NOTES; GLOBAL NOTES..............................  18
   SECTION 2.11. CANCELLATION...............................................  19
   SECTION 2.12. DEFAULTED INTEREST.........................................  19
   SECTION 2.13. CUSIP NUMBERS..............................................  19

ARTICLE III REDEMPTION......................................................  20
   SECTION 3.01. NOTICES TO TRUSTEE.........................................  20
   SECTION 3.02. SELECTION OF NOTES TO BE REDEEMED..........................  20
   SECTION 3.03. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.......................................  20
   SECTION 3.04. EFFECT OF NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.............................  21
   SECTION 3.05. DEPOSIT OF REDEMPTION PRICE................................  21
   SECTION 3.06. NOTES REDEEMED IN PART.....................................  21
   SECTION 3.07. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION........................................  22
   SECTION 3.08. MANDATORY REDEMPTION.......................................  22
   SECTION 3.09. PURCHASE OFFER.............................................  22

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS........................................................  24
   SECTION 4.01. PAYMENT OF NOTES...........................................  24
   SECTION 4.02. REPORTS....................................................  24
   SECTION 4.03. COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE.....................................  24
   SECTION 4.04. STAY, EXTENSION AND USURY LAWS.............................  25
   SECTION 4.05. CORPORATE EXISTENCE........................................  25
   SECTION 4.06. TAXES......................................................  26
   SECTION 4.07. FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE.........................................  26
   SECTION 4.08. LIMITATION ON STATUS AS INVESTMENT COMPANY.................  26
   SECTION 4.09. SPECIAL INTEREST...........................................  26
</TABLE>

                                      -i-
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                                          <C>
ARTICLE V CONVERSION........................................................  26
   SECTION 5.01. CONVERSION PRIVILEGE.......................................  26
   SECTION 5.02. CONVERSION PROCEDURE.......................................  27
   SECTION 5.03. FRACTIONAL SHARES..........................................  28
   SECTION 5.04. TAXES ON CONVERSION........................................  28
   SECTION 5.05. COMPANY TO PROVIDE STOCK...................................  28
   SECTION 5.06. ADJUSTMENT OF CONVERSION PRICE.............................  29
   SECTION 5.07. NO ADJUSTMENT..............................................  32
   SECTION 5.08. OTHER ADJUSTMENTS..........................................  32
   SECTION 5.09. ADJUSTMENTS FOR TAX PURPOSES...............................  32
   SECTION 5.10. NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENT.......................................  32
   SECTION 5.11. NOTICE OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS.............................  33
   SECTION 5.12. EFFECT OF RECLASSIFICATIONS, CONSOLIDATIONS,
                 MERGERS OR SALES ON CONVERSION PRIVILEGE ..................  33
   SECTION 5.13. TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER.......................................  34

ARTICLE VI SUBORDINATION....................................................  34
   SECTION 6.01. AGREEMENT TO SUBORDINATE AND RANKING.......................  34
   SECTION 6.02. NO PAYMENT ON NOTES IF SENIOR DEBT IN DEFAULT..............  35
   SECTION 6.03. DISTRIBUTION ON ACCELERATION OF NOTES; DISSOLUTION AND
                 REORGANIZATION; SUBROGATION OF NOTES ......................  36
   SECTION 6.04. RELIANCE BY SENIOR DEBT ON SUBORDINATION PROVISIONS........  38
   SECTION 6.05. NO WAIVER OF SUBORDINATION PROVISIONS......................  39
   SECTION 6.06. TRUSTEE'S RELATION TO SENIOR DEBT..........................  39
   SECTION 6.07. OTHER PROVISIONS SUBJECT HERETO............................  40

ARTICLE VII SUCCESSORS......................................................  40
   SECTION 7.01. LIMITATION ON MERGER, SALE OR CONSOLIDATION................  40
   SECTION 7.02. SUCCESSOR CORPORATION SUBSTITUTED..........................  41

ARTICLE VIII DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES..........................................  41
   SECTION 8.01. EVENTS OF DEFAULT..........................................  41
   SECTION 8.02. ACCELERATION...............................................  43
   SECTION 8.03. OTHER REMEDIES.............................................  43
   SECTION 8.04. WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS....................................  44
   SECTION 8.05. CONTROL BY MAJORITY........................................  44
   SECTION 8.06. LIMITATION ON SUITS........................................  44
   SECTION 8.07. RIGHTS OF HOLDERS TO RECEIVE PAYMENT.......................  45
   SECTION 8.08. COLLECTION SUIT BY TRUSTEE.................................  45
   SECTION 8.09. TRUSTEE MAY FILE PROOFS OF CLAIM...........................  45
   SECTION 8.10. PRIORITIES.................................................  45
   SECTION 8.11. UNDERTAKING FOR COSTS......................................  45

ARTICLE IX TRUSTEE..........................................................  46
   SECTION 9.01. DUTIES OF TRUSTEE..........................................  46
   SECTION 9.02. RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE..........................................  46
   SECTION 9.03. INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE...............................  47
</TABLE>

                                      -ii-
<PAGE>   4

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                                           <C>
   SECTION 9.04. TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER.......................................  47
   SECTION 9.05. NOTICE OF DEFAULTS.........................................  47
   SECTION 9.06. REPORTS BY TRUSTEE TO HOLDERS..............................  48
   SECTION 9.07. COMPENSATION AND INDEMNITY.................................  48
   SECTION 9.08. REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE.....................................  49
   SECTION 9.09. SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE BY MERGER, ETC...........................  50
   SECTION 9.10. ELIGIBILITY; DISQUALIFICATION..............................  50
   SECTION 9.11. PREFERENTIAL COLLECTION OF CLAIMS AGAINST COMPANY..........  50

ARTICLE X DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE............................................  50
   SECTION 10.01. TERMINATION OF COMPANY'S OBLIGATIONS......................  50
   SECTION 10.02. REPAYMENT TO COMPANY......................................  50

ARTICLE XI AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS..............................  50
   SECTION 11.01. WITHOUT CONSENT OF HOLDERS................................  50
   SECTION 11.02. WITH CONSENT OF HOLDERS...................................  51
   SECTION 11.03. COMPLIANCE WITH TRUST INDENTURE ACT.......................  52
   SECTION 11.04. REVOCATION AND EFFECT OF CONSENTS.........................  52
   SECTION 11.05. NOTATION ON OR EXCHANGE OF NOTES..........................  52
   SECTION 11.06. TRUSTEE PROTECTED.........................................  53

ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS...................................................  53
   SECTION 12.01. TRUST INDENTURE ACT CONTROLS..............................  53
   SECTION 12.02. NOTICES...................................................  53
   SECTION 12.03. COMMUNICATION BY HOLDERS WITH OTHER HOLDERS...............  54
   SECTION 12.04. CERTIFICATE AND OPINION AS TO CONDITIONS PRECEDENT........  54
   SECTION 12.05. STATEMENTS REQUIRED IN CERTIFICATE OR OPINION.............  54
   SECTION 12.06. RULES BY TRUSTEE AND AGENTS...............................  54
   SECTION 12.07. LEGAL HOLIDAYS............................................  54
   SECTION 12.08. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS................................  55
   SECTION 12.09. COUNTERPARTS AND FACSIMILE SIGNATURES.....................  55
   SECTION 12.10. VARIABLE PROVISIONS.......................................  55
   SECTION 12.11. GOVERNING LAW, SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.................  56
   SECTION 12.12. NO ADVERSE INTERPRETATION OF OTHER AGREEMENTS.............  56
   SECTION 12.13. SUCCESSORS................................................  57
   SECTION 12.14. SEVERABILITY..............................................  57
   SECTION 12.15. TABLE OF CONTENTS, HEADINGS, ETC..........................  57

Exhibits
Exhibit A Form of Legends and Notes.........................................  A1

Exhibit B Form of Transfer Certificate for Transfer From Rule 144A Global
  Note or Restricted Note to Regulation S Global Note.......................  B1

Exhibit C Form of Transfer Certificate for Transfer From Regulation S Global
  Note or Restricted Note to Rule 144A Global Note..........................  C1

Exhibit D Form of Transfer Certificate for Transfer from Global Note or
  Restricted Note to Restricted Note........................................  D1

Exhibit E Form of Letter to be Delivered by Institutional Accredited
  Investors ................................................................  E1

</TABLE>

                                      -iii-
<PAGE>   5


                  INDENTURE, dated as of June 20, 2000, between Akamai
         Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), and State
         Street Bank and Trust Company, a Massachusetts Trust Company, as
         trustee (the "TRUSTEE").


                  Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other
         party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined
         in Section 1.01 hereof) of the Company's 5-1/2% Convertible
         Subordinated Notes due 2007 (the "NOTES"):

                                   ARTICLE I
                        DEFINITIONS; TRUST INDENTURE ACT

SECTION 1.01 DEFINITIONS.


                  "AFFILIATE" of any specified Person means any other Person
         directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
         indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of
         this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the
         terms "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control with"),
         as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly
         or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
         management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of
         voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.


                  "AGENT" means any Registrar, Paying Agent, New York Presenting
         Agent or Conversion Agent.


                  "BOARD OF DIRECTORS" means the Board of Directors of the
         Company or any authorized committee of the Board of Directors.


                  "BOARD RESOLUTION" means a duly authorized resolution of the
         Board of Directors.


                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day that is not a Legal Holiday.


                  "CAPITAL STOCK" means any and all shares, interests,
         participations, rights or other equivalents, however designated, of
         corporate stock, including, without limitation, partnership interests.


                  "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock, par value $0.01 per
         share, of the Company as the same exists at the date of the execution
         of this Indenture or as such stock may be constituted from time to
         time.

                  "COMPANY" means the party named as such above until a
         successor replaces it in accordance with Article VII and thereafter
         means the successor.


                  "DAILY MARKET PRICE" means the price of a share of Common
         Stock on the relevant date, determined (a) on the basis of the last
         reported sale price regular way of the Common Stock as reported on the
         Nasdaq Stock Market's National Market (the "NNM"), or if

                                       1
<PAGE>   6
         the Common Stock is not then listed on the NNM, as reported on such
         national securities exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed, or
         (b) if there is no such reported sale on the day in question, on the
         basis of the average of the closing bid and asked quotations regular
         way as so reported, or (c) if the Common Stock is not listed on the NNM
         or on any national securities exchange, on the basis of the average of
         the high bid and low asked quotations regular way on the day in
         question in the over-the-counter market as reported by the National
         Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System, or if not
         so quoted, as reported by National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated, or a
         similar organization.


                  "DEFAULT" means any event that is, or with the passage of time
         or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.


                  "DEPOSITARY" shall mean The Depository Trust Company, its
         nominees and their respective successors.


                  "DESIGNATED SENIOR DEBT" means Senior Debt in which the
         instrument creating or evidencing the same or the assumption or
         guarantee thereof (or related agreements or documents to which the
         Company is a party) expressly provides that such Senior Debt shall be
         "Designated Senior Debt" for the purposes of the Indenture (provided
         that such instrument, agreement or other document may place limitations
         and conditions on the right of such Senior Debt to exercise the rights
         of Designated Senior Debt).


                  "EQUITY INTERESTS" means Capital Stock and all warrants,
         options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any
         Indebtedness that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital
         Stock.


                  "EXCESS PAYMENT" means the excess of (A) the aggregate of the
         cash and value of other consideration paid by the Company or any of its
         Subsidiaries with respect to shares of the Company acquired in a tender
         offer or other negotiated transaction over (B) the market value of such
         acquired shares after giving effect to the completion of a tender offer
         or other negotiated transaction.


                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended.


                  "EXCHANGE RATE CONTRACT" means, with respect to any Person,
         any currency swap agreements, forward exchange rate agreements, foreign
         currency futures or options, exchange rate collar agreements, exchange
         rate insurance and other agreements or arrangements, or combination
         thereof, the principal purpose of which is to provide protection
         against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. An Exchange Rate
         Contract may also include an Interest Rate Agreement.


                  "FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE" means the occurrence of any transaction
         or event in connection with which all or substantially all of the
         Common Stock shall be exchanged for, converted into, acquired for or
         constitute in all material respects solely the right to receive
         consideration, whether by means of an exchange offer, liquidation,
         tender offer, consolidation, merger, combination, reclassification,
         recapitalization or otherwise, which is not all or substantially all
         common stock that is, or upon issuance will be, (i) listed on a United
         States national securities exchange, or (ii) approved for quotation on
         the NASDAQ

                                       2
<PAGE>   7

         National Market or any similar United States system of automated
         dissemination of quotations of securities prices.


                  "FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE OFFER" means a Purchase Offer.


                  "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles set
         forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles
         Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
         statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
         Board or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a
         significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect
         on the Issuance Date and are applied on a consistent basis.


                  "GUARANTEE" means a guarantee, other than by endorsement of
         negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of
         business, direct or indirect, in any manner, including, without
         limitation, letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect
         thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness.


                  "HOLDER" means a Person in whose name a Note is registered in
         the register referred to in Section 2.03.


                  "INDEBTEDNESS" means, with respect to any Person, any
         indebtedness of such Person, whether or not contingent, in respect of
         borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar
         instruments or letters of credit, or reimbursement agreements in
         respect thereof, or representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the
         purchase price of any property (which purchase price is due more than
         six months after the placing into service or delivery of such property)
         including pursuant to capital leases and sale-and-leaseback
         transactions, or representing any hedging obligations under an Exchange
         Rate Contract or an Interest Rate Agreement, except any such balance
         that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable, if and to the
         extent any of the foregoing indebtedness, other than obligations under
         an Exchange Rate Contract or an Interest Rate Agreement, would appear
         as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in
         accordance with GAAP, and also includes, to the extent not otherwise
         included, the Guarantee of items which would be included within this
         definition if incurred directly by such Person. The amount of any
         Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be the accreted value
         thereof, in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue
         discount. Indebtedness shall not include liabilities for taxes of any
         kind.


                  "INDENTURE" means this Indenture, as amended from time to
         time.


                  "INITIAL PURCHASERS" means Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
         Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon
         Smith Barney Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC.


                  "INTEREST RATE AGREEMENT" means, with respect to any Person,
         any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest
         rate collar agreement or other similar agreement the principal purpose
         of which is to protect the party indicated therein against fluctuations
         in interest rates.

                                       3
<PAGE>   8
                  "ISSUANCE DATE" means the date on which the Notes are first
         authenticated and issued.


                  "NOTES" has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.


                  "OBLIGATIONS" means any principal, interest, penalties, fees,
         indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable
         under the documentation governing any Indebtedness.


                  "OFFICER" means the Chairman of the Board, the President, any
         Vice President, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any Assistant Treasurer
         or any Assistant Secretary of the Company.


                  "OFFICERS' CERTIFICATE" means a certificate of the Company
         signed by two Officers, one of whom must be the Chairman of the Board,
         the President, the Treasurer or a Vice President of the Company.


                  "OPINION OF COUNSEL" means a written opinion from legal
         counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be
         an employee of or counsel to the Company or the Trustee.


                  "PERSON" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
         venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
         organization, limited liability company or government or any agency or
         political subdivision thereof.


                  "PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Purchase Agreement, dated as of
         June 15, 2000, among the Company and the Initial Purchasers.


                  "REGISTRATION DEFAULT" has the meaning set forth in Section 2
         of the Notes.


                  "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
         Agreement relating to the Notes and the underlying Common Stock, dated
         June 20, 2000, among the Company and the Initial Purchasers party
         thereto.


                  "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.


                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


                  "SENIOR DEBT" means the principal of, interest on and other
         amounts due on (i) Indebtedness of the Company, whether outstanding on
         the date hereof or thereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed
         by the Company, for money borrowed from banks or other financial
         institutions; (ii) Indebtedness of the Company, whether outstanding on
         the date hereof or thereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed
         by the Company; and (iii) Indebtedness of the Company under interest
         rate swaps, caps or similar hedging agreements and foreign exchange
         contracts, currency swaps or similar agreements: unless, in the
         instrument creating or evidencing or pursuant to which Indebtedness
         under (i) or (ii) is outstanding, it is expressly provided that such
         Indebtedness is not senior in right of payment to the Notes. Senior
         Debt includes, with respect to the obligations described in clauses (i)
         and (ii) above, interest accruing, pursuant to the terms of such Senior
         Debt, on or after the filing of

                                       4
<PAGE>   9

         any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization relating to the
         Company, whether or not post-filing interest is allowed in such
         proceeding, at the rate specified in the instrument governing the
         relevant obligation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
         foregoing, Senior Debt shall not include: (a) Indebtedness of or
         amounts owed by the Company for compensation to employees, or for goods
         or materials purchased in the ordinary course of business, or for
         services; and (b) Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary of the
         Company.


                  "SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT" shall have the meaning set
         forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.


                  "SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARY" means any Subsidiary of the Company
         which is a "significant subsidiary" as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of
         Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as such
         Regulation is in effect on the date hereof.


                  "SPECIAL INTEREST" has the meaning set forth in Section 2 of
         the Notes.


                  "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation, association or other
         business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of
         shares of Capital Stock entitled, without regard to the occurrence of
         any contingency, to vote in the election of directors, managers or
         trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or
         indirectly, by any Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of
         that Person or a combination thereof.


                  "TIA" means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code
         Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of execution of this
         Indenture.


                  "TRUSTEE" means the party named as such above until a
         successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of
         this Indenture and thereafter means the successor.


                  "TRUST OFFICER" means any officer or assistant officer of the
         Trustee assigned by the Trustee to administer its corporate trust
         matters.


                  "WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY" of any specified Person means a
         Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other
         ownership interests of which (other than directors' qualifying shares)
         shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more
         Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and one or more Wholly-Owned
         Subsidiaries of such Person.

SECTION 1.02.     OTHER DEFINITIONS.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             DEFINED
  TERM                                                                       IN SECTION

<S>                                                                              <C>
"AGENT MEMBER".................................................................  2.01
"BANKRUPTCY LAW"...............................................................  8.01
"CLEARSTREAM"..................................................................  2.01
</TABLE>

                                       5
<PAGE>   10
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                                             <C>
"COMMENCEMENT DATE"............................................................  3.09
"CONVERSION AGENT".............................................................  2.03
"CONVERSION DATE"..............................................................  5.02
"CONVERSION PRICE".............................................................  5.01
"CONVERSION SHARES"............................................................  5.06
"CUSTODIAN"....................................................................  8.01
"DISTRIBUTION DATE"............................................................  5.06
"DISTRIBUTION RECORD DATE".....................................................  5.06
"EUROCLEAR"....................................................................  2.01
"EVENT OF DEFAULT".............................................................  8.01
"FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE  PAYMENT"..................................................  4.07
"GLOBAL NOTE"..................................................................  2.01
"GLOBAL NOTES LEGEND"..........................................................  2.01
"LEGAL HOLIDAY"................................................................ 12.08
"NEW YORK PRESENTING AGENT"....................................................  2.03
"OFFER AMOUNT".................................................................  3.09
"PAYING AGENT".................................................................  2.03
"PAYMENT BLOCKAGE NOTICE"......................................................  6.02
"PAYMENT BLOCKAGE PERIOD"......................................................  6.02
"PAYMENT DEFAULT"..............................................................  8.01
"PURCHASE DATE"................................................................  3.09
"PURCHASE OFFER"...............................................................  3.09
"QIBs".........................................................................  2.01
"REGULATION S" ................................................................  2.01
"REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE".....................................................  2.01
"REGISTRAR"....................................................................  2.03
"RESTRICTED NOTES".............................................................  2.01
"RESTRICTED NOTES LEGEND"......................................................  2.01
"RIGHTS".......................................................................  5.06
"RULE 144A"....................................................................  2.01
"RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE"........................................................  2.01
"TENDER PERIOD"................................................................  3.09
</TABLE>
SECTION 1.03.     INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE OF TRUST INDENTURE ACT.


                  Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the
         provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this
         Indenture.


         The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following
         meanings:


                  "INDENTURE SECURITIES" means the Notes;


                  "INDENTURE SECURITY HOLDER" means a Holder of a Note;


                  "INDENTURE TO BE QUALIFIED" means this Indenture;

                                       6
<PAGE>   11


                  "INDENTURE TRUSTEE" or "INSTITUTIONAL TRUSTEE" means the
                  Trustee;
and


                  "OBLIGOR" on the Notes means the Company or any other obligor
                  on the Notes.


                  All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the
         TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule
         under the TIA have the meanings so assigned to them.

SECTION 1.04.     RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.

         Unless the context otherwise requires:

         (a)      a term has the meaning assigned to it;

         (b)      an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning
                  assigned to it in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;

         (c)      "OR" is not exclusive;

         (d)      words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural
                  include the singular;

         (e)      provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

         (f)      references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act
                  shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or
                  successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to
                  time; and

         (g)      a reference to "$" or U.S. Dollars is to United States
                  dollars.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                    THE NOTES

SECTION 2.01.     FORM AND DATING.


(a)      GENERAL.


                  The Notes and the Trustee's certificate of authentication
         shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, which is hereby
         incorporated by reference and expressly made a part of this Indenture.
         The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law,
         stock exchange rule, agreements to which the Company is subject, if
         any, or usage (provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement
         is in a form acceptable to the Company). The Company shall furnish any
         such legend not contained in Exhibit A to the Trustee in writing. Each
         Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be
         in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples thereof. The terms
         and provisions of the Notes set forth in Exhibit A are part of this
         Indenture and to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by
         their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such
         terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent
         any provision

                                       7
<PAGE>   12

         of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture,
         the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

                  (b) GLOBAL NOTES.


                  The Notes are being offered and sold by the Company pursuant
         to the Purchase Agreement. The Notes shall be offered and sold
         primarily to Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") in reliance on
         Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("RULE 144A"), as provided in the
         Purchase Agreement. The Notes shall be issued initially in the form of
         one or more permanent Global Notes in definitive, fully registered form
         without interest coupons with the Global Notes Legend ("GLOBAL NOTES
         LEGEND") and Restricted Notes Legend ("RESTRICTED NOTES LEGEND") set
         forth in Exhibit A hereto ("RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE"), which shall be
         deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby
         with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary, and registered in
         the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly
         executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter
         provided. The aggregate principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note
         may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on
         the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee as
         hereinafter provided.


                  Notes transferred in reliance on Regulation S under the
         Securities Act ("REGULATION S") as provided in Section 2.06(a)(ii) and
         (v) hereof, shall be issued in the form of one or more permanent Global
         Notes in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons
         with the Global Notes Legend and Restricted Notes Legend set forth in
         Exhibit A hereto (the "REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE"), which shall be
         deposited on behalf of the transferees of the Notes represented thereby
         with the Trustee, as custodian, for the Depositary, and registered in
         the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary for the
         accounts of designated agents holding on behalf of the Euroclear System
         ("EUROCLEAR") or Clearstream Banking ("CLEARSTREAM"), duly executed by
         the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.
         The aggregate principal of the Regulation S Global Note may from time
         to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of
         the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee as hereinafter provided.


                  So long as any Global Note is outstanding, owners of
         beneficial interests therein may transfer their interests therein only
         in reliance on Regulation S or to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A in
         accordance with Section 2.06.

                  (c) BOOK-ENTRY PROVISIONS.


                  This Section 2.01(c) shall apply only to the Rule 144A Global
         Note and the Regulation S Global Note issued in the form of one or more
         permanent Global Notes (collectively, the "GLOBAL NOTES") deposited
         with or on behalf of the Depositary.


                  The Company shall execute and the Trustee shall, in accordance
         with this Section 2.01(c), authenticate and deliver initially one or
         more Global Notes that (a) shall be registered in the name of the
         Depositary for such Global Note or Global Notes or the nominee

                                       8
<PAGE>   13

         of such Depositary and (b) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such
         Depositary or pursuant to such Depositary's instructions or held by the
         Trustee as custodian for the Depositary.


                  Members of, or participants in, the Depositary ("AGENT
         MEMBERS") shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any
         Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or by the Trustee as
         the custodian of the Depositary or under such Global Note, and the
         Depositary may be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of
         the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note
         for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
         herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the
         Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification,
         proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as
         between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of
         customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the
         rights of an owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note.

                  (d) CERTIFICATED NOTES.


                  So long as the Depositary or its nominee is the registered
         owner of a Note, the Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be,
         will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by
         the Global Notes for all purposes under the Indenture. Except as
         provided below, owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note will
         not be entitled to have Notes represented by such Global Note
         registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive
         physical delivery of certificated Notes, and will not be considered the
         owners or holders thereof under the Indenture for any purpose,
         including with respect to the giving of any directions, instructions or
         approvals to the Trustee thereunder.


                  Other than as set forth below in this Section, certificated
         Notes will be issued to owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes
         in exchange for their interests in Global Notes only if (1) the Company
         notifies the Trustee in writing that the Depositary is no longer
         willing or able to act as a depositary and the Company is unable to
         locate a qualified successor within 90 days, or (2) the Company, at its
         option, notifies the Trustee in writing that it elects to cause the
         issuance of Notes in definitive form under the Indenture. In either
         case, upon surrender by the Depositary of the Global Notes,
         certificated Notes will be issued to each Person that the Depositary
         identifies as the beneficial owner of the Notes represented by the
         Global Notes. In addition, the Company will issue certificated Notes in
         exchange for interests in Global Notes upon the request of an owner of
         such an interest if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
         in which case, upon receipt of such request and necessary information
         from the Depositary in accordance with its procedures, the principal
         Registrar shall instruct the Depositary as to the corresponding
         reduction to be made in the principal amount of the relevant Global
         Note. Finally, at such time as all Global Notes cease to be outstanding
         pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above, certificated Notes may be issued
         in accordance with paragraphs (vi) and (vii) of Section 2.06(a). Upon
         any such issuance, the Trustee shall register such certificated Notes
         in the name of such Person or Persons (or the nominee of any thereof),
         and cause the same to be delivered thereto. All such certificated Notes
         shall bear the Restricted Notes Legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto
         (collectively with the Accredited Investor Restricted Notes defined
         below, the "RESTRICTED NOTES") unless otherwise provided in this
         Section 2.01(d) and Section 2.06(b) hereof.


                                       9
<PAGE>   14

                  Notes offered and sold to "accredited investors" (as defined
         in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities
         Act), as provided in the Purchase Agreement, shall be issued in the
         form of one or more certificated Notes (subject to a minimum initial
         purchase amount of $100,000) in definitive, fully registered form
         without interest coupons with the Restricted Notes Legend set forth in
         Exhibit A hereto ("ACCREDITED INVESTOR RESTRICTED NOTES"), which shall
         be registered in the name of such Accredited Investor or its nominee,
         duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as
         hereinafter provided. So long as Global Notes have not ceased to be
         outstanding pursuant to clause (1) or (2) in the immediately preceding
         paragraph above (and unless such Accredited Investor Restricted Notes
         have been exchanged for certificated Notes without a Restricted Notes
         Legend pursuant to the last paragraph in this Section, if applicable),
         such Accredited Investor Restricted Notes may only be transferred in
         reliance on Regulation S (pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(iv))or to QIBs in
         reliance on Rule 144A (pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(v)). After such time
         as Global Notes have ceased to be outstanding pursuant to clauses (1)
         or (2) in the immediately preceding paragraph, Accredited Investor
         Restricted Notes may be transferred to transferees who hold the
         transferred interests in the form of certificated Notes in accordance
         with Section 2.06(a)(vii) or Section 2.06(b).


                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes offered and sold on the
         Issuance Date to "accredited investors" (as defined above) shall be
         issued initially in the form of one or more permanent Global Notes in
         definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the
         Global Notes Legend and Restrictive Notes Legend set forth in Exhibit A
         (the "Accredited Investor Global Note"), which shall be deposited on
         behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the
         Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary, and registered in the name of
         the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly executed by the
         Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. Such
         Accredited Investor Global Note shall be deemed to be a Global Note for
         all purposes of this Indenture. Promptly after the Issuance Date, the
         Company shall cause the purchasers of the Accredited Investor Global
         Note to arrange with the Depositary for the exchange of such Accredited
         Investor Global Note for Accredited Investor Restricted Notes. Upon
         receipt by the principal Registrar of instructions from the Depositary
         directing the principal Registrar to authenticate and deliver one or
         more Accredited Investor Restricted Notes of the same aggregate
         principal amount as the beneficial interest in the Accredited Investor
         Global Note to be exchanged, such instructions to contain the name or
         names of the Holder or Holders of such Accredited Investor Restricted
         Note or Notes, the authorized denominations of the Accredited Investor
         Restricted Note or Notes to be so issued and appropriate delivery
         instructions, the principal Registrar will instruct the Depositary to
         reduce the Accredited Investor Global Note by the aggregate principal
         amount of the beneficial interest therein to be exchanged and to debit
         from the account of the Person making such exchange the beneficial
         interest in the Accredited Investor Global Note that is being
         exchanged, and concurrently with such reduction and debit the Company
         shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or
         more Accredited Investor Restricted Notes of the same aggregate
         principal amount in accordance with the instructions referred to above.
         Certificated Notes may be issued as aforesaid notwithstanding any other
         provision of this Indenture to the contrary restricting the issuance of
         certificated Notes.




                                       10
<PAGE>   15
                  After a transfer of any Notes during the period of the
         effectiveness of a Shelf Registration Statement with respect to the
         Notes and pursuant thereto, all requirements for Restricted Notes
         Legends on such Notes will cease to apply; and, in this case a
         certificated Note without a Restricted Notes Legend will be available
         to the Holder of such Restricted Notes upon request (and surrender of
         such Note bearing the Restricted Notes Legend for cancellation). The
         Company shall give written notice to the Trustee, in the form of an
         Officer's Certificate, of the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration
         Statement, on which the Trustee and Registrant may rely.

SECTION 2.02.     EXECUTION AND AUTHENTICATION.


                  One Officer shall sign the Notes for the Company by manual or
         facsimile signature.


                  If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds
         that office at the time the Note is authenticated, the Note shall
         nevertheless be valid.


                  A Note shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual
         signature of an authorized officer of the Trustee. The signature shall
         be conclusive evidence that the Note has been authenticated under this
         Indenture.


                  The Trustee shall, upon a written order of the Company signed
         by an Officer, authenticate one or more Notes for original issue up to
         an aggregate principal amount stated in Section 6 of the Notes. The
         aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time may not
         exceed $300,000,000 except as provided in Section 2.07; provided that
         Notes in excess of $250,000,000 shall not be issued other than pursuant
         to the over-allotment option granted by the Company to the Initial
         Purchasers as provided in the Purchase Agreement. In the event thereof,
         the Company shall certify to the Trustee in an Officer's Certificate
         that such issuance is pursuant to such over-allotment option granted by
         the Initial Purchasers under the Purchase Agreement.


                  The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to
         the Company to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may
         authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in
         this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication
         by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent
         to deal with Holders, the Company or an Affiliate.

SECTION 2.03.     REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT.


                  The Company shall maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, City
         of New York, State of New York, an office or agency where the Notes may
         be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange, payment and
         conversion (collectively, the "NEW YORK PRESENTING AGENT"). The Company
         initially designates STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, N.A., an
         affiliate of the Trustee, at its corporate trust offices in the Borough
         of Manhattan, City of New York, State of New York to act as New York
         Presenting Agent. The Trustee is initially appointed to act as Note
         registrar to maintain a register of transfers of the Notes (the "NOTE
         REGISTRAR") and to act as paying agent with respect to the Notes
         ("PAYING AGENT") and to act as agent for conversion of the Notes
         ("CONVERSION AGENT"). The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes
         and of their transfer and exchange. The Company may

                                       11
<PAGE>   16
         appoint one or more co-Registrars, one or more additional Paying Agents
         and one or more additional Conversion Agents in such other locations as
         it shall determine. The term "Registrar" includes any co-Registrar, the
         term "Paying Agent" includes any additional Paying Agent and the term
         "Conversion Agent" includes any additional conversion agent. The
         Company may change any Paying Agent, Registrar, New York Presenting
         Agent or Conversion Agent without prior notice to any Holder. The
         Company shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of any Agent
         not a party to this Indenture. If the Company fails to appoint or
         maintain another entity as Registrar, Paying Agent, New York Presenting
         Agent or Conversion Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Company
         or any of its Affiliates may act as Paying Agent, Registrar, New York
         Presenting Agent or Conversion Agent.

SECTION 2.04.     PAYING AGENT TO HOLD MONEY IN TRUST.


                  The Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the
         Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust
         for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying
         Agent for the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, and will
         notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such
         payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a
         Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account
         for any money disbursed by it. The Company at any time may require a
         Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment
         over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or an
         Affiliate of the Company) shall have no further liability for the
         money. If the Company or an Affiliate of the Company acts as Paying
         Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the
         benefit of the Holders all money held by it as Paying Agent.

SECTION 2.05.       HOLDER LISTS.


                  The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is
         reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the
         names and addresses of Holders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar,
         the Company shall furnish to the Trustee on or before each interest
         payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in
         writing a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may
         reasonably require of the names and addresses of Holders.

SECTION 2.06.     TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE.


                  Whenever Notes are presented to the Registrar or a
         co-Registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them
         for an equal principal amount of Notes of other denominations, the
         Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its
         requirements for such transactions are met. To permit registrations of
         transfers and exchanges, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall
         authenticate Notes at the Registrar's request. No service charge shall
         be made to a Holder for any registration of transfer or exchange
         (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein), but the Company may
         require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or
         similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than
         any such transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon
         exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06 or 11.05 hereof).

                                       12
<PAGE>   17
                  The Company shall not be required (i) to issue, register the
         transfer of or exchange any Note for a period beginning at the opening
         of business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes to be
         redeemed under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business
         on the day of selection, or (ii) to register the transfer, or exchange,
         of any Note so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the
         unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

                  (a) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, so
         long as a Global Note remains outstanding and is held by or on behalf
         of the Depositary, transfers of a Global Note, in whole or in part, or
         of any beneficial interest therein, shall only be made in reliance on
         Regulation S or to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A in accordance with
         Section 2.01(b), Section 2.01(d), Section 2.06(a) and Section 2.06(b);
         provided, however, that beneficial interests in a Global Note may be
         transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a
         beneficial interest in the same Global Note in accordance with the
         transfer restrictions set forth in the Restricted Notes Legend and
         under the heading "Notice to Investors" in the Company's Offering
         Memorandum dated June 15, 2000.

                          (i) Transfer of Global Note to Depositary. Except for
                       transfers or exchanges made in accordance with clauses
                       (ii) through (vii) of this Section 2.06(a), transfers of
                       a Global Note shall be limited to transfers of such
                       Global Note in whole, but not in part, to nominees of the
                       Depositary or to a successor of the Depositary or such
                       successor's nominee.

                          (ii) Rule 144A Global Note To Regulation S Global
                       Note. If an owner of a beneficial interest in the Rule
                       144A Global Note deposited with the Depositary or the
                       Trustee as custodian for the Depositary wishes at any
                       time to transfer its interest in such Rule 144A Global
                       Note in reliance on Regulation S to a Person whose
                       purchase or acceptance thereof would not qualify as a
                       transaction exempt from registration requirements under
                       144A, such owner may, subject to the rules and procedures
                       of the Depositary, exchange or cause the exchange of such
                       interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in the
                       Regulation S Global Note. Upon receipt by the principal
                       Registrar of (1) instructions given in accordance with
                       the Depositary's procedures from an Agent Member
                       directing the principal Registrar to credit or cause to
                       be credited a beneficial interest in the Regulation S
                       Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest
                       in the Rule 144A Global Note to be exchanged, (2) a
                       written (or electronic) order given in accordance with
                       the Depositary's procedures containing information
                       regarding the participant account of the Depositary (and
                       which may include the Euroclear or Clearstream account)
                       to be credited with such increase and (3) a certificate
                       in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto given by the
                       holder of such account interest, then the principal
                       Registrar shall instruct the Depositary to reduce or
                       cause to be reduced the principal amount of the Rule 144A
                       Global Note and to increase or cause to be increased the
                       principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note by the
                       aggregate principal amount of the beneficial interest in
                       the Rule 144A Global Note equal to the beneficial
                       interest in the Regulation S Global Note to be exchanged
                       or transferred and to debit or cause to be debited from
                       the account of the Person making such exchange or
                       transfer the beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global
                       Note that is being exchanged or transferred.


                                       13
<PAGE>   18

                          (iii) Regulation S Global Note To Rule 144A Global
                       Note. If an owner of a beneficial interest in the
                       Regulation S Global Note deposited with the Depositary or
                       with the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary wishes
                       at any time to transfer its interest in such Regulation S
                       Global Note in reliance on Rule 144A to a Person whose
                       purchase or acceptance thereof would not qualify as a
                       transaction exempt from registration requirements under
                       Regulation S, such Holder may, subject to the rules and
                       procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may
                       be, and the Depositary, exchange or cause the exchange of
                       such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in
                       the Rule 144A Global Note. Upon receipt by the principal
                       Registrar of (1) instructions from the Depositary
                       directing the principal Registrar to credit or cause to
                       be credited a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global
                       Note equal to the beneficial interest in the Regulation S
                       Global Note to be exchanged or transferred, (2) a written
                       (or electronic) order given in accordance with the
                       Depositary's procedures containing information regarding
                       the participant account of the Depositary to be credited
                       and (3) a certificate in the form of Exhibit C attached
                       hereto given by the owner of such account interest then
                       the principal Registrar will instruct the Depositary to
                       reduce or cause to be reduced the Regulation S Global
                       Note and to increase or cause to be increased the
                       principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note by the
                       aggregate principal amount of the beneficial interest in
                       the Regulation S Global Note to be exchanged or
                       transferred.


                          (iv) Accredited Investor Restricted Note or Other
                       Restricted Note to Rule 144A Global Note. If an owner of
                       an Accredited Investor Restricted Note or Other
                       Restricted Note registered in the name of such owner
                       wishes at any time to transfer such Restricted Note to a
                       Person in reliance on Rule 144A, such Holder may, subject
                       to the rules and procedures of the Depositary, exchange
                       or cause the exchange of such Restricted Note for an
                       equivalent beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global
                       Note. Upon receipt by the principal Registrar of (1)
                       surrender of the Restricted Note to be transferred or
                       exchanged, (2) instructions from the Company, directing
                       the principal Registrar (A) to credit or cause to be
                       credited a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global
                       Note equal to the principal amount of the Restricted Note
                       to be exchanged or transferred and (B) to cancel such
                       Restricted Note to be exchanged or transferred, (3) a
                       written (or electronic) order given in accordance with
                       the Depositary's procedures containing information
                       regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be
                       credited and (4) a certificate in the form of Exhibit C
                       attached hereto given by the Holder of such Restricted
                       Note, then the principal Registrar will instruct the
                       Trustee to cancel such Restricted Note and will instruct
                       the Depositary to increase or cause to be increased the
                       principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note by the
                       principal amount of the Restricted Note to be exchanged
                       or transferred.


                          (v) Accredited Investor Restricted or Other Restricted
                       Note To Regulation S Global Note. If an owner of a
                       Restricted Note registered in the name of such owner
                       wishes at any time to transfer such Restricted Note to a
                       Person in reliance on Regulation S, such owner may,
                       subject to the rules and procedures of the Euroclear or
                       Clearstream, as the case may be, exchange or cause the
                       exchange of such Restricted Note for an equivalent
                       beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note. Upon



                                       14
<PAGE>   19
                       receipt by the principal Registrar of (1) surrender of
                       the Restricted Note to be transferred or exchanged, (2)
                       instructions from the Company, directing the principal
                       Registrar (A) to credit or cause to be credited a
                       beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note equal
                       to the principal amount of the Restricted Note to be
                       exchanged or transferred and (B) to cancel such
                       Restricted Note to be exchanged or transferred, (3) a
                       written (or electronic) order given in accordance with
                       the Depositary's procedures containing information
                       regarding the participant account of the Depositary (and
                       which may include a Euroclear or Clearstream account) to
                       be credited with such increase and (4) a certificate in
                       the form of Exhibit B attached hereto given by the Holder
                       of such Restricted Note, then the principal Registrar
                       will instruct the Trustee to cancel such Restricted Note
                       and will instruct the Depositary to increase or cause to
                       be increased the principal amount of the Regulation S
                       Global Note by the principal amount of the Restricted
                       Note to be exchanged or transferred.

                          (vi) Global Note To Restricted Note. On and after such
                       time as owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes
                       are permitted under Section 2.01(d) to exchange their
                       interests in Global Notes for certificated Notes, if an
                       owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note deposited
                       with the Depositary or with the Trustee as custodian for
                       the Depositary wishes to transfer its interest in such
                       Global Note to a Person who is required to take delivery
                       thereof in the form of a Restricted Note under Section
                       2.06(b), such owner may, subject to the rules and
                       procedures of the Depositary, cause the transfer of such
                       interest for one or more Restricted Notes of any
                       authorized denomination or denominations and of the same
                       aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of
                       Section 2.01(d) regarding the circumstances under which
                       owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes are
                       entitled to exchange such interests for certificated
                       Notes, upon receipt by the principal Registrar of (1)
                       instructions from the Depositary directing the principal
                       Registrar to authenticate and deliver one or more
                       Restricted Notes of the same aggregate principal amount
                       as the beneficial interest in the Global Note to be
                       transfered, such instructions to contain the name or
                       names of the designated transferee or transferees, the
                       authorized denomination or denominations of the
                       Restricted Notes to be so issued and appropriate delivery
                       instructions, (2) a certificate in the form of Exhibit D
                       attached hereto given by the owner of such beneficial
                       interest to the effect set forth therein, (3) a
                       certificate in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto
                       given by the Person acquiring the Restricted Notes for
                       which such interest is being transferred, to the effect
                       set forth therein, and (4) such other certifications,
                       legal opinions or other information as the Company may
                       reasonably require to confirm that such transfer is being
                       made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction
                       not subject to, the registration requirements of the
                       Securities Act, then the principal Registrar will
                       instruct the Depositary to reduce or cause to be reduced
                       such Global Note by the aggregate principal amount of the
                       beneficial interest therein to be exchanged and to debit
                       or cause to be debited from the account of the Person
                       making such transfer the beneficial interest in the
                       Global Note that is being transferred, and concurrently
                       with such reduction and debit the Company shall execute,
                       and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or
                       more Restricted Notes of the same aggregate principal
                       amount in accordance with the instructions referred to
                       above. In the event that certificated Notes are issued in
                       place of beneficial interests in Global Notes pursuant to
                       2.01(d) prior to the effectiveness of a Shelf


                                       15
<PAGE>   20
                       Registration Statement with respect to such Notes, such
                       Notes may be exchanged only in accordance with such
                       procedures as are substantially consistent with the
                       provisions of clauses (ii) and (iii) above (including the
                       certification requirements intended to ensure that such
                       transfers comply with Rule 144A, Regulation S, Rule 144,
                       or any other available exemption from registration, as
                       the case may be) and such other procedures as may from
                       time to time be adopted by the Company.


                          (vii) Restricted Note To Restricted Note. On and after
                       such time as Holders of Accredited Investor Restricted
                       Notes or other Restricted Notes are permitted to transfer
                       such Notes other than in reliance on Regulation S or to
                       QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A in certificated form
                       pursuant to Section 2.01(d), if a Holder of a Restricted
                       Note wishes to transfer such Restricted Note to a Person
                       who is required to take delivery thereof in the form of a
                       Restricted Note, such Holder may, subject to the
                       restrictions on transfer set forth herein and in such
                       Restricted Note, cause the exchange of such Restricted
                       Note for one or more Restricted Notes of any authorized
                       denomination or denominations and of the same aggregate
                       principal amount. Upon receipt by the principal Registrar
                       of (1) such Restricted Note, duly endorsed as provided
                       herein, (2) instructions from such Holder directing the
                       principal Registrar to authenticate and deliver one or
                       more Restricted Notes of the same aggregate principal
                       amount as the Restricted Note to be exchanged, such
                       instructions to contain the name or authorized
                       denomination or denominations of the Restricted Notes to
                       be so issued and appropriate delivery instructions, (3) a
                       certificate from the Holder of the Restricted Note to be
                       exchanged in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, (4) a
                       certificate in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto
                       given by the Person acquiring the Restricted Notes for
                       which such interest is being exchanged, if such Person is
                       an "accredited investor" as defined and to the effect set
                       forth therein, and (5) such other certifications, legal
                       opinions or other information as the Company may
                       reasonably require to confirm that such transfer is being
                       made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction
                       not subject to, the registration requirements of the
                       Securities Act, then the Registrar shall cancel or cause
                       to be canceled such Restricted Note and concurrently
                       therewith, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee
                       shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Restricted
                       Notes of the same aggregate principal amount, in
                       accordance with the instructions referred to above.

                       (b) Upon any sale of a Note bearing the Restricted Notes
                    Legend (or any interest in a Global Note subject to the
                    Restricted Notes Legend) pursuant to Rule 144 under the
                    Securities Act or an effective registration statement under
                    the Securities Act:

                          (i) (A) in the case of any Note that is a certificated
                       Note or a beneficial interest in a Global Note, the
                       Registrar shall permit the Holder thereof to exchange
                       such Note or interest for a certificated Note or a
                       beneficial interest in a Global Note, as the case may be,
                       that does not bear or is subject to, as the case may be,
                       the legend set forth above and rescind any restriction on
                       the transfer of such Note or interest (1) in the case of
                       a sale or transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the
                       Securities Act, upon delivery to the Company such
                       satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of
                       counsel licensed to practice law in the State of New
                       York, as may be reasonably required by the Company, that
                       neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set



                                       16
<PAGE>   21
                       forth therein are required to ensure that transfers
                       thereof comply with the provisions of Rule 144A, Rule
                       144, Regulation S or any other available exemption from
                       registration under the Securities Act or, with respect to
                       Restricted Notes, that such Notes are not "restricted"
                       within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act
                       or (2) in the case of a sale or transfer pursuant to an
                       effective registration statement under the Securities
                       Act; and

                          (ii) any Global Note shall not be subject to the
                       Restricted Notes Legend (such sales or transfers being
                       subject only to the provisions of Section 2.06(a)(i) and
                       Section 2.01(d)).


                  Upon provision of such satisfactory evidence, the Trustee, at
         the direction of the Company, shall authenticate and deliver Notes that
         do not bear the Restricted Notes Legend.

                  (c) Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall have any
         responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary and
         the Company shall have no responsibility for any actions taken or not
         taken by the Trustee as agent or custodian of the Depositary.

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
         neither the Trustee nor the Note Registrar shall be responsible for
         ascertaining whether any purchase or transfer complies with the
         registration provisions of or exemptions from the Securities Act, Rule
         144A, Rule 144, Regulation S, or any applicable state securities laws;
         provided, that if a certificate or other written representation is
         specifically required by the express terms of this Section 2.06 to be
         delivered to the Registrar or Trustee by a transferee of a Note prior
         to registration of such transfer, the Trustee or Note Registrar, as the
         case may be, shall be under a duty to receive and examine the same to
         determine whether it conforms on its face to the requirements of this
         Section 2.06.


                  (e) Transfers of any Notes in certificated form not bearing
         the Restricted Notes Legend shall not be subject to the restrictions
         and requirements set forth in Section 2.06(a)(vii).

                  (f) Any transfer or exchange of a Note in certificated form
         shall be accompanied by surrender of the certificated Note, endorsed or
         accompanied by an instrument of transfer acceptable to the Registrar,
         executed by the Holder or an attorney in fact acting on its behalf.

SECTION 2.07.     REPLACEMENT NOTES.


                  If the Holder of a Note claims that the Note has been lost,
         destroyed or wrongfully taken or if such Note is mutilated and is
         surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall issue and the Trustee
         shall authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustee's and the
         Company's requirements are met. If required by the Trustee or the
         Company, an indemnity bond must be supplied by the Holder that is
         sufficient in the judgment of both to protect the Company, the Trustee,
         any Agent or any authenticating agent from any loss which any of them
         may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Company may charge for its
         expenses in replacing a Note.


                  In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note has
         become or is about to become due and payable, or is about to be
         purchased by the Company pursuant to Article III

                                       17
<PAGE>   22
                  hereof, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing
                  a new Note, pay or purchase such Note, as the case may be.


                  Every replacement Note is an additional obligation of the
         Company and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture
         equally and proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

SECTION 2.08.     OUTSTANDING NOTES.


                  The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes
         authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those
         delivered to it for cancellation, and those described in this Section
         as not outstanding.


                  If a Note is replaced, paid or purchased pursuant to Section
         2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives
         proof satisfactory to it that the replaced, paid or purchased Note is
         held by a bona fide purchaser.


                  If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under
         Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it
         ceases to accrue.


                  Except as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not
         cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the
         Company holds the Note.

SECTION 2.09.     TREASURY NOTES.


                  In determining whether the Holders of the required principal
         amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent,
         Notes owned by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company shall be
         considered as though they are not outstanding, except that for the
         purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in
         relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that the
         Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded.

SECTION 2.10.     TEMPORARY NOTES; GLOBAL NOTES.

                  (a) Until definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Company
         may prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Notes.
         Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of definitive Notes
         but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for
         temporary Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare
         and the Trustee shall authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for
         temporary Notes. Holders of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of
         the benefits of this Indenture.

                  (b) A Global Note deposited with the Depositary or with the
         Trustee as custodian for the Depositary pursuant to Section 2.01 shall
         be transferred to the beneficial owners thereof in the form of
         certificated Notes only (i) in accordance with Section 2.01(d), and
         (ii) provided that such transfer complies with the applicable
         provisions of Section 2.06(b).

                  (c) Any Global Note that is re-issued to the beneficial owners
         thereof in the form of certificated Notes pursuant to Section 2.01(d)
         and this Section 2.10 shall be surrendered by

                                       18
<PAGE>   23
         the Depositary to the Trustee to be so transferred without charge, and
         the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, upon such transfer of each
         portion of such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of
         Notes of authorized denominations in the form of certificated Notes.
         Any portion of a Global Note transferred pursuant to this Section 2.10
         shall be executed, authenticated and delivered as the Depositary shall
         direct. Any Note in the form of certificated Notes delivered in
         exchange for an interest in the Global Notes shall, except as otherwise
         provided by Section 2.06(c), bear the Restricted Notes Legend set forth
         in Exhibit A hereto.

                  (d) Upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth in
         Section 2.01(d) requiring the issuance of certificated Notes in place
         of all beneficial interests in Global Notes then outstanding, the
         Company will promptly make available to the Trustee a reasonable supply
         of certificated Notes in definitive, fully registered form without
         interest coupons.

SECTION 2.11.     CANCELLATION.


                  The Company at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for
         cancellation. The Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent shall
         forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration
         of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall promptly cancel all
         Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment,
         conversion, replacement or cancellation and shall dispose of canceled
         Notes as the Company directs. The Company may not issue new Notes to
         replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to the
         Trustee for cancellation.

SECTION 2.12.     DEFAULTED INTEREST.


                  If the Company fails to make a payment of interest on the
         Notes, it shall pay such defaulted interest plus any interest payable
         on the defaulted interest, in any lawful manner. It may pay such
         defaulted interest, plus any such interest payable on it, to the
         Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date. The
         Company shall fix any such record date and payment date, provided that
         no such record date shall be less than 10 days prior to the related
         payment date for such defaulted interest. At least 15 days before any
         such record date, the Company shall mail to Holders a notice that
         states the special record date, the related payment date and amount of
         such interest to be paid.

SECTION 2.13.     CUSIP NUMBERS.


                  The Company in issuing the Notes may use "CUSIP" numbers (if
         then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use "CUSIP"
         numbers in notices of redemption and other notices as a convenience to
         holders of Notes; provided, that any such notice may state that no
         representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as
         printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of a redemption or
         notice of a Purchase Offer and that reliance may be placed only on the
         other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any redemption
         or Purchase Offer shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of
         such numbers. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any
         change in the "CUSIP" numbers.

                                       19
<PAGE>   24
                                  ARTICLE III
                                   REDEMPTION

SECTION 3.01.    NOTICES TO TRUSTEE.


                  If the Company elects to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional
         redemption provisions of the Notes and Section 3.07 hereof, it shall
         notify the Trustee in writing of the redemption date and the principal
         amount of Notes to be redeemed. The Company shall give the notice
         provided for in this Section 3.01 at least 45 days before the
         redemption date, unless a shorter notice period shall be satisfactory
         to the Trustee. The Company may not give notice of any redemption if
         the Company has defaulted in payment of interest and the default is
         continuing.

SECTION 3.02.     SELECTION OF NOTES TO BE REDEEMED.


                  If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time,
         selection of Notes shall be made by the Trustee on a pro rata basis or
         by lot or by a method that complies with the requirements of any
         exchange on which the Notes are listed and that the Trustee considers
         fair and appropriate, provided that no Notes of $1,000 or less shall be
         redeemed in part. The Trustee shall make the selection not more than 60
         days and not less than 30 days before the redemption date from Notes
         outstanding not previously called for redemption. Notes and portions of
         Notes selected shall be in amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples of
         $1,000. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for
         redemption also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption. The
         Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of the Notes or portions of
         Notes to be called for redemption.


                  If any Note selected for partial redemption is converted in
         part after such selection, the converted portion of such Note shall be
         deemed (so far as may be) to be the portion to be selected for
         redemption. The Notes (or portions thereof) so selected shall be deemed
         duly selected for redemption for all purposes hereunder,
         notwithstanding that any such Note is converted in whole or in part
         before the mailing of the notice of redemption. Upon any redemption of
         less than all the Notes, the Company and the Trustee may treat as
         outstanding any Notes surrendered for conversion during the period 15
         days next preceding the mailing of a notice of redemption and need not
         treat as outstanding any Note authenticated and delivered during such
         period in exchange for the unconverted portion of any Note converted in
         part during such period.

SECTION 3.03.     NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.


                  At least 30 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption
         date, the Company shall mail, by first class mail, a notice of
         redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its
         registered address. The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed
         and shall state:

                  (a) the redemption date;

                  (b) the redemption price;

                                       20
<PAGE>   25

                  (c) if any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of
         the principal amount thereof redeemed, and that, after the redemption
         date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal
         to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued in the name of the
         Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Note;

                  (d) the name and address of the Paying Agent;

                  (e) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to
         the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price plus accrued interest,
         if any;

                  (f) that interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to
         accrue on and after the redemption date;

                  (g) the paragraph of the Notes pursuant to which the Notes
         called for redemption are being redeemed; and

                  (h) the "CUSIP" number of the Notes to be redeemed; and

                  (i) the current Conversion Price and the date on which the
         right to convert such Notes or portions thereof into Common Stock of
         the Company will expire.


                  At the Company's request, the Trustee shall give notice of
         redemption in the Company's name and at the Company's expense; provided
         that the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee, at least 45 days
         prior to the redemption date, an Officers' Certificate requesting that
         the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be
         stated in such notice, as provided in the preceding paragraph.

SECTION 3.04.     EFFECT OF NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.


                  Once notice of redemption is mailed in accordance with Section
         3.03 hereof, Notes called for redemption become due and payable on the
         redemption date at the price set forth in the Note. A notice of
         redemption may not be conditional.

SECTION 3.05.     DEPOSIT OF REDEMPTION PRICE.


                  On or before 1:00 pm (Boston time) on the redemption date, the
         Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money
         (in immediately available funds) sufficient to pay the redemption price
         of and accrued interest on all Notes to be redeemed on that date unless
         theretofore converted into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions
         hereof. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall return to the Company any
         money not required for that purpose.

SECTION 3.06.     NOTES REDEEMED IN PART.


                  Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed in part, the Company
         shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder at the
         expense of the Company a new Note equal in principal amount to the
         unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered.



                                       21
<PAGE>   26
SECTION 3.07.     OPTIONAL REDEMPTION.


                  The Company may redeem all or any portion of the Notes, upon
         the terms and at the redemption prices set forth in the Notes. Any
         redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the
         provisions of Section 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.

SECTION 3.08.     MANDATORY REDEMPTION.


                  The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption
         payments or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

SECTION 3.09.     PURCHASE OFFER.

                  (a) In the event that, pursuant to Section 4.07 hereof, the
         Company shall commence an offer to all Holders of the Notes to purchase
         Notes (the "PURCHASE OFFER"), the Company shall follow the procedures
         in this Section 3.09.

                  (b) The Purchase Offer shall remain open for a period
         specified by the Company which shall be no less than 30 calendar days
         and no more than 45 calendar days following its commencement (the
         "COMMENCEMENT DATE") (as determined in accordance with Section 4.07
         hereof), except to the extent that a longer period is required by
         applicable law (the "TENDER PERIOD"). Upon the expiration of the Tender
         Period (the "PURCHASE DATE"), the Company shall purchase the principal
         amount of all of the Notes required to be purchased pursuant to Section
         4.07 hereof (the "OFFER AMOUNT").

                  (c) If the Purchase Date is on or after an interest payment
         record date and on or before the related interest payment date, any
         accrued interest shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is
         registered at the close of business on such record date, and no
         additional interest will be payable to Holders who tender Notes
         pursuant to the Purchase Offer.

                  (d) The Company shall provide the Trustee with written notice
         of the Purchase Offer at least 10 days before the Commencement Date.

                  (e) On or before the Commencement Date, the Company or the
         Trustee (at the written request and expense of the Company, the Company
         having provided to the Trustee the requisite information therefor)
         shall send, by first class mail, a notice to each of the Holders, which
         shall govern the terms of the Purchase Offer and shall state:

                           (i) that the Purchase Offer is being made pursuant to
                  this Section 3.09 and Section 4.07 hereof, that all Notes
                  validly tendered will be accepted for payment and the length
                  of time the Purchase Offer will remain open;


                           (ii) the purchase price (as determined in accordance
                  with Section 4.07 hereof) and the Purchase Date, and that all
                  Notes tendered will be accepted for payment;


                           (iii) that any Note or portion thereof not tendered
                  or accepted for payment will continue to accrue interest;





                                       22
<PAGE>   27

                           (iv) that, unless the Company defaults in the payment
                  of the purchase price, any Note or portion thereof accepted
                  for payment pursuant to the Purchase Offer will cease to
                  accrue interest after the Purchase Date;


                           (v) that Holders electing to have a Note or portion
                  thereof purchased pursuant to any Purchase Offer will be
                  required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled "Option
                  of Holder to Elect Purchase" on the reverse of the Note
                  completed, to the Company, a depositary, if appointed by the
                  Company, or a Paying Agent at the address specified in the
                  notice prior to the close of business on the third Business
                  Day preceding the Purchase Date;


                           (vi) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their
                  election if the Company, depositary or Paying Agent, as the
                  case may be, receives, not later than the close of business on
                  the second Business Day preceding the Purchase Date, or such
                  longer period as may be required by law, a letter or a
                  telegram, telex or facsimile transmission (receipt of which is
                  confirmed and promptly followed by a letter) setting forth the
                  name of the Holder, the principal amount of the Note or
                  portion thereof the Holder delivered for purchase and a
                  statement that such Holder is withdrawing his election to have
                  the Note or portion thereof purchased;


                           (vii) that Holders whose Notes were purchased only in
                  part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the
                  unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered and


                           (viii) the "CUSIP" number of the Notes to be
                  purchased.


                         (f) On or prior to 1:00 pm (Boston time) on the
          Purchase Date, the Company shall irrevocably deposit with the Trustee
          or a Paying Agent in immediately available funds an amount equal to
          the Offer Amount to be held for payment in accordance with the terms
          of this Section 3.09. On the Purchase Date, the Company shall, to the
          extent lawful, (i) accept for payment the Notes or portions thereof
          properly tendered pursuant to the Purchase Offer, (ii) deliver or
          cause the Depositary or Paying Agent to deliver to the Trustee Notes
          so accepted and (iii) deliver to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate
          stating such Notes or portions thereof have been accepted for payment
          by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.09. The
          Depositary, the Paying Agent or the Company, as the case may be, shall
          promptly (but in any case not later than ten (10) calendar days after
          the Purchase Date) mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount
          equal to the purchase price of the Notes tendered by such Holder and
          accepted by the Company for purchase, and the Trustee shall promptly
          authenticate and mail or deliver to such Holders a new Note equal in
          principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered.
          Any Notes not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by or
          on behalf of the Company to the Holder thereof. The Company will
          publicly announce in a newspaper of general circulation the results of
          the Purchase Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Purchase
          Date.




                                       23
<PAGE>   28

                  The Purchase Offer shall be made by the Company in compliance
         with all applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and all applicable
         tender offer rules promulgated thereunder, and shall include all
         instructions and materials necessary to enable such Holders to tender
         their Notes.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                                    COVENANTS

SECTION 4.01.     PAYMENT OF NOTES.


                  The Company shall pay the principal of, and premium, if any,
         and interest on, the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in
         the Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest shall be considered
         paid on the date due if the Paying Agent (other than the Company or an
         Affiliate of the Company) holds on that date money designated for and
         sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then
         due. To the extent lawful, the Company shall pay interest (including
         post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on
         (i) overdue principal and premium, if any, at the rate borne by the
         Notes, compounded semiannually; and (ii) overdue installments of
         interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same
         rate, compounded semiannually.


                  Whenever in this Indenture or the Notes there is mentioned, in
         any context, the payment of principal (and premium, if any), Offer
         Amount, interest or any other amount payable under or with respect to
         any Note, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the
         payment of Special Interest provided for in Section 2 of the Notes to
         the extent that, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be
         payable in respect thereof pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 of
         the Notes, and express mention of the payment of Special Interest (if
         applicable) in any provisions hereof shall not be construed as
         excluding Special Interest in those provisions hereof where such
         express mention is not made (if applicable).

SECTION 4.02      REPORTS.


                  Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the
         SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall file with
         the SEC and furnish to the Trustee and to the Holders of Notes, all
         quarterly and annual financial information required to be contained in
         a filing with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, including a "Management's
         Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
         Condition" and, with respect to the annual information only, a report
         thereon by the Company's certified independent accountants, in each
         case, as required by the rules and regulations of the SEC as in effect
         on the Issuance Date. The Trustee shall be under no obligation or duty
         to review such reports, such delivery to it being for the purpose of
         having the same on file with the Trustee and available for examination.

SECTION 4.03.     COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE.


                           The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 90
                  days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an
                  Officers' Certificate stating that a review of the activities
                  of the

                                       24
<PAGE>   29

                  Company and its subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year
                  has been made under the supervision of the signing Officers
                  with a view to determining whether the Company has kept,
                  observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under, and
                  complied with the covenants and conditions contained in, this
                  Indenture, and further stating, as to each such Officer
                  signing such certificate, that to the best of his knowledge
                  the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each
                  and every covenant, and complied with the covenants and
                  conditions contained in this Indenture and is not in default
                  in the performance or observance of any of the terms,
                  provisions and conditions hereof (or, if a Default or Event of
                  Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or
                  Events of Default of which he may have knowledge) and that to
                  the best of his knowledge no event has occurred and remains in
                  existence by reason of which payments on account of the
                  principal or of interest, if any, on the Notes are prohibited.
                  One of the Officers signing such Officers' Certificate shall
                  be either the Company's principal executive officer, principal
                  financial officer or principal accounting officer.


                           The Company will, so long as any of the Notes are
                  outstanding, deliver to the Trustee forthwith upon becoming
                  aware of any Default or Event of Default, an Officers'
                  Certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default.


                           Immediately upon the occurrence of any Registration
                  Default giving rise to Special Interest or the cure of any
                  such Registration Default, the Company shall give the Trustee
                  written notice thereof and of the event giving rise to such
                  Registration Default or the cure of any such Registration
                  Default (such notice to be contained in an Officers'
                  Certificate) and prior to receipt of such Officers'
                  Certificate the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no
                  such Registration Default has occurred or been cured, as the
                  case may be.

SECTION 4.04.     STAY, EXTENSION AND USURY LAWS.


                           The Company covenants (to the extent that it may
                  lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon,
                  plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit
                  or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever
                  enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may
                  affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and
                  the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby
                  expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and
                  covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder,
                  delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to
                  the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every
                  such power as though no such law had been enacted.

SECTION 4.05.     CORPORATE EXISTENCE.


                           Subject to Article VII hereof, to the extent
                  permitted by law the Company will do or cause to be done all
                  things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect
                  its corporate existence and the corporate, partnership or
                  other existence of each subsidiary of the Company in
                  accordance with the respective organizational documents of
                  each subsidiary and the rights (charter and statutory),
                  licenses and franchises of the Company; provided, however,
                  that the Company shall not be required to preserve any such
                  right, license or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or
                  other existence of any subsidiary, if the preservation thereof
                  is no


                                       25
<PAGE>   30

                  longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company
                  and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

SECTION 4.06.     TAXES.


                           The Company shall, and shall cause each of its
                  subsidiaries to, pay prior to delinquency all material taxes,
                  assessments and governmental levies, except as contested in
                  good faith and by appropriate proceedings.

SECTION 4.07.     FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE.

                           (a) Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, each
                  Holder of Notes shall have the right to require the Company to
                  repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral
                  multiple thereof) of such Holder's Notes pursuant to the
                  Purchase Offer at a purchase price equal to 100% of the
                  principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to
                  the date of purchase (the "FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE PAYMENT").

                           (b) Within 25 days following any Fundamental Change,
                  the Company shall give written notice to the Trustee and shall
                  mail to each Holder the notice provided by Section 3.09(e).

SECTION 4.08.     LIMITATION ON STATUS AS INVESTMENT COMPANY.


                           The Company shall not, and shall not permit any
                  Subsidiary to, conduct its business in a fashion that would
                  cause the Company to be required to be registered as an
                  "investment company" (as that term is defined in the
                  Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended).

SECTION 4.09.     SPECIAL INTEREST.


                           If Special Interest is payable by the Company
                  pursuant to Section 2 of the Notes, the Company shall deliver
                  to the Trustee a certificate to that effect stating (i) the
                  amount of such Special Interest that is payable and (ii) the
                  date on which such Special Interest is payable. Unless and
                  until a Trust Officer of the Trustee receives such a
                  certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no
                  such Special Interest is payable. If the Company has paid
                  Special Interest directly to the persons entitled to it, the
                  Company shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate setting
                  forth the particulars of such payment.

                                   ARTICLE V
                                   CONVERSION

SECTION 5.01.     CONVERSION PRIVILEGE.


                  A Holder of a Note may convert it into fully paid and
         nonassessable shares of Common Stock at any time following the Issuance
         Date and prior to maturity at the Conversion Price then in effect,
         except that, with respect to any Note called for redemption, such
         conversion right shall terminate at the close of business on the
         Business Day immediately preceding the redemption date (unless the
         Company shall default in making the redemption payment when it becomes
         due, in which case the conversion right shall terminate



                                       26
<PAGE>   31

         on the date such default is cured). The number of shares of Common
         Stock issuable upon conversion of a Note is determined by dividing the
         principal amount of such Note by the conversion price in effect on the
         Conversion Date (the "CONVERSION PRICE").


                  The initial Conversion Price is stated in Section 12 of the
         Notes and is subject to adjustment as provided in this Article V.


                  A Holder may convert a portion of a Note equal to any integral
         multiple of $1,000. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to
         conversion of all of a Note also apply to conversion of a portion of
         it.

SECTION 5.02.     CONVERSION PROCEDURE.


                  To convert a Note, a Holder must satisfy the requirements in
         Section 12 of the Notes. The date on which the Holder satisfies all of
         those requirements is the conversion date (the "CONVERSION DATE"). As
         soon as practicable after the Conversion Date, the Company shall
         deliver to the Holder through the Conversion Agent a certificate for
         the number of whole shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
         and a check for any fractional share determined pursuant to Section
         5.03 hereof. The Person in whose name the certificate is registered
         shall become the stockholder of record on the Conversion Date and, as
         of such date, such Person's rights as a Holder of Notes hereunder shall
         cease (such Person's rights as a Holder of Transfer Restricted
         Securities, if any, under the Registration Rights Agreement, however,
         shall continue so long as such Person holds such Transfer Restricted
         Securities); provided, however, that no surrender of a Note on any date
         when the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed shall be
         effective to constitute the Person entitled to receive the shares of
         Common Stock upon such conversion as the stockholder of record of such
         shares of Common Stock on such date, but such surrender shall be
         effective to constitute the Person entitled to receive such shares of
         Common Stock as the stockholder of record thereof for all purposes at
         the close of business on the next succeeding day on which such stock
         transfer books are open; provided further, however, that such
         conversion shall be at the Conversion Price in effect on the date that
         such Note shall have been surrendered for conversion, as if the stock
         transfer books of the Company had not been closed.


                  No payment or adjustment will be made for accrued and unpaid
         interest on a converted Note, but if any Holder surrenders a Note for
         conversion after the close of business on the record date for the
         payment of an installment of interest and prior to the opening of
         business on the next interest payment date, then, notwithstanding such
         conversion, the interest payable on such interest payment date shall be
         paid to the Holder of such Note on such record date. Any Notes that
         are, however, delivered to the Company for conversion after any record
         date but before the next interest payment date must, except as
         described in the next sentence, be accompanied by a payment equal to
         the interest payable on such interest payment date on the principal
         amount of convertible notes being converted. The payment to the Company
         described in the preceding sentence shall not be required if, during
         that period between a record date and the next interest payment date, a
         conversion occurs on or after the date that the Company has issued a
         redemption notice and prior to the date of redemption stated in such
         notice. If any Notes are converted after an interest payment date but
         on or before the next


                                       27
<PAGE>   32

         record date, no interest will be paid on those Notes. No fractional
         shares will be issued upon conversion, but a cash adjustment will be
         made for any fractional shares.


                  If a Holder converts more than one Note at the same time, the
         number of whole shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion
         shall be based on the total principal amount of Notes converted.


                  Upon surrender of a Note that is converted in part, the
         Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder a new Note equal in principal
         amount to the unconverted portion of the Note surrendered.

SECTION 5.03.     FRACTIONAL SHARES.


                  The Company will not issue fractional shares of Common Stock
         upon conversion of a Note. In lieu thereof, the Company will pay an
         amount in cash based upon the Daily Market Price of the Common Stock on
         the trading day prior to the date of conversion.

SECTION 5.04.     TAXES ON CONVERSION.


                  The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon
         the conversion of any Note shall be made without charge to the
         converting Holder for such certificates or for any tax in respect of
         the issuance of such certificates, and such certificates shall be
         issued in the respective names of, or in such names as may be directed
         by, the Holder or Holders of the converted Note; provided, however,
         that in the event that certificates for shares of Common Stock are to
         be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder of the Note
         converted, such Note, when surrendered for conversion, shall be
         accompanied by an instrument of transfer, in form satisfactory to the
         Company, duly executed by the registered Holder thereof or his duly
         authorized attorney; and provided further, however, that the Company
         shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
         any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such
         certificates in a name other than that of the Holder of the converted
         Note, and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such
         certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the
         issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax
         or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such
         tax has been paid or is not applicable.

SECTION 5.05.     COMPANY TO PROVIDE STOCK.


                  The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available,
         free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued Common
         Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of Notes as
         herein provided, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to
         permit the conversion of all outstanding Notes for shares of Common
         Stock. All shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion
         of the Notes shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
         nonassessable when so issued. Shares of Common Stock issuable upon
         conversion of a Restricted Note shall bear such restrictive legends as
         the Company shall provide in accordance with applicable law. If shares
         of Common Stock are to be issued upon conversion of a Restricted Note
         and they are to be registered in a name other than that of the holder
         of such Restricted Note, then the Person in whose name such shares of
         Common Stock are to be registered must deliver to the Trustee a
         certificate satisfactory to the



                                       28
<PAGE>   33

         Company and signed by such Person as to compliance with the
         restrictions on transfer contained in such restrictive legends.

SECTION 5.06.     ADJUSTMENT OF CONVERSION PRICE.


                  The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time
         to time as follows:

                  (a) In case the Company shall (1) pay a dividend in shares of
         Common Stock to holders of Common Stock, (2) make a distribution in
         shares of Common Stock to holders of Common Stock, (3) subdivide its
         outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of
         Common Stock or (4) combine its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
         a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in
         effect immediately prior to such action shall be adjusted so that the
         Holder of any Note thereafter surrendered for conversion shall be
         entitled to receive the number of shares of Common Stock which he would
         have owned immediately following such action had such Notes been
         converted immediately prior thereto. Any adjustment made pursuant to
         this subsection (a) shall become effective immediately after the record
         date in the case of a dividend or distribution and shall become
         effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a
         subdivision or combination.

                  (b) In case the Company shall issue rights or warrants to
         substantially all holders of Common Stock entitling them (for a period
         commencing no earlier than the record date for the determination of
         holders of Common Stock entitled to receive such rights or warrants and
         expiring not more than 45 days after such record date) to subscribe for
         or purchase shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into
         Common Stock) at a price per share less than the current market price
         (as determined pursuant to subsection (f) below) of the Common Stock on
         such record date, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted so that the
         same shall equal the price determined by multiplying the Conversion
         Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction of
         which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
         outstanding on such record date, plus the number of shares of Common
         Stock which the aggregate offering price of the offered shares of
         Common Stock (or the aggregate conversion price of the convertible
         securities so offered) would purchase at such current market price, and
         of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
         outstanding on such record date plus the number of additional shares of
         Common Stock offered (or into which the convertible securities so
         offered are convertible). Such adjustments shall become effective
         immediately after such record date.

                  (c) In case the Company shall distribute to all holders of
         Common Stock shares of capital stock of the Company other than Common
         Stock, evidences of indebtedness or other assets (other than cash
         dividends out of current or retained earnings), or shall distribute to
         substantially all holders of Common Stock rights or warrants to
         subscribe for securities (other than those referred to in subsection
         (b) above), then in each such case the Conversion Price shall be
         adjusted so that the same shall equal the price determined by
         multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the
         date of such distribution by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
         the current market price (determined as provided in subsection (f)
         below) of the Common Stock on the record date mentioned below less the
         then fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors, whose
         determination shall be



                                       29
<PAGE>   34

         conclusive evidence of such fair market value and described in a Board
         Resolution) of the portion of the assets so distributed or of such
         subscription rights or warrants applicable to one share of Common
         Stock, and of which the denominator shall be such current market price
         of the Common Stock. Such adjustment shall become effective immediately
         after the record date for the determination of the holders of Common
         Stock entitled to receive such distribution. Notwithstanding the
         foregoing, in the event that the Company shall distribute rights or
         warrants (other than those referred to in subsection (b) above)
         ("RIGHTS") pro rata to holders of Common Stock, the Company may, in
         lieu of making any adjustment pursuant to this Section 5.06, make
         proper provision so that each Holder of a Note who converts such Note
         (or any portion thereof) after the record date for such distribution
         and prior to the expiration or redemption of the Rights shall be
         entitled to receive upon such conversion, in addition to the shares of
         Common Stock issuable upon such conversion (the "CONVERSION SHARES"), a
         number of Rights to be determined as follows: (i) if such conversion
         occurs on or prior to the date for the distribution to the holders of
         Rights of separate certificates evidencing such Rights (the
         "DISTRIBUTION DATE"), the same number of Rights to which a holder of a
         number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Conversion
         Shares is entitled at the time of such conversion in accordance with
         the terms and provisions of and applicable to the Rights; and (ii) if
         such conversion occurs after the Distribution Date, the same number of
         Rights to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into
         which the principal amount of the Note so converted was convertible
         immediately prior to the Distribution Date would have been entitled on
         the Distribution Date in accordance with the terms and provisions of
         and applicable to the Rights.

                  (d) In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, at
         any time distribute to all holders of its Common Stock cash (including
         any distributions of cash out of current or retained earnings of the
         Company but excluding any cash that is distributed as part of a
         distribution requiring a Conversion Price adjustment pursuant to
         paragraph (c) of this Section 5.06) in an aggregate amount that,
         together with the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of any other
         distributions to all holders of its Common Stock made in cash plus (y)
         all Excess Payments, in each case made within the 12 months preceding
         the date fixed for determining the stockholders entitled to such
         distribution (the "DISTRIBUTION RECORD DATE") and in respect of which
         no Conversion Price adjustment pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (e) of
         this Section 5.06 or this paragraph (d) has been made, exceeds 15% of
         the product of the current market price per share (determined as
         provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 5.06) of the Common Stock on
         the Distribution Record Date times the number of shares of Common Stock
         outstanding on the Distribution Record Date (excluding shares held in
         the treasury of the Company), the Conversion Price shall be reduced so
         that the same shall equal the price determined by multiplying such
         Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of
         the Conversion Price reduction contemplated by this paragraph (d) by a
         fraction of which the numerator shall be the current market price per
         share (determined as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 5.06) of
         the Common Stock on the Distribution Record Date less the amount of
         such cash and other consideration (including any Excess Payments) so
         distributed applicable to one share (based on the pro rata portion of
         the aggregate amount of such cash and other consideration (including
         any Excess Payments), divided by the shares of Common Stock outstanding
         on the Distribution Record Date) of Common Stock and the denominator
         shall be such current market price per share (determined as provided in
         paragraph (f) of this Section 5.06) of the Common Stock on the
         Distribution



                                       30
<PAGE>   35

         Record Date, such reduction to become effective immediately prior to
         the opening of business on the day following the Distribution Record
         Date.

                  (e) In case a tender offer or other negotiated transaction
         made by the Company or any Subsidiary for all or any portion of the
         Common Stock shall be consummated, if an Excess Payment is made in
         respect of such tender offer or other negotiated transaction and the
         amount of such Excess Payment, together with the sum of (x) the
         aggregate amount of all Excess Payments plus (y) the aggregate amount
         of all distributions to all holders of the Common Stock made in cash
         (specifically including distributions of cash out of retained
         earnings), in each case made within the 12 months preceding the date of
         payment of such current negotiated transaction consideration or
         expiration of such current tender offer, as the case may be (the
         "PURCHASE DATE"), and as to which no adjustment pursuant to paragraph
         (c) or paragraph (d) of this Section 5.06 or this paragraph (e) has
         been made, exceeds 15% of the product of the current market price per
         share (determined as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 5.06) of
         the Common Stock on the Purchase Date times the number of shares of
         Common Stock outstanding (including any tendered shares but excluding
         any shares held in the treasury of the Company) on the Purchase Date,
         the Conversion Price shall be reduced so that the same shall equal the
         price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price in effect
         immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Conversion Price
         reduction contemplated by this paragraph (e) by a fraction of which the
         numerator shall be the current market price per share (determined as
         provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 5.06) of the Common Stock on
         the Purchase Date less the amount of such Excess Payments and such cash
         distributions, if any, applicable to one share (based on the pro rata
         portion of the aggregate amount of such Excess Payments and such cash
         distributions, divided by the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the
         Purchase Date) of Common Stock and the denominator shall be such
         current market price per share (determined as provided in paragraph (f)
         of this Section 5.06) of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date, such
         reduction to become effective immediately prior to the opening of
         business on the day following the Purchase Date.

                  (f) The current market price per share of Common Stock on any
         date shall be deemed to be the average of the Daily Market Prices for
         the shorter of (i) ten consecutive business days ending on the last
         full trading day on the exchange or market referred to in determining
         such Daily Market Prices prior to the time of determination or (ii) the
         period commencing on the date next succeeding the first public
         announcement of the issuance of such rights or such warrants or such
         other distribution or such negotiated transaction through such last
         full trading day on the exchange or market referred to in determining
         such Daily Market Prices prior to the time of determination.

                  (g) In any case in which this Section 5.06 shall require that
         an adjustment be made immediately following a record date, the Company
         may elect to defer (but only until five Business Days following the
         filing by the Company with the Trustee of the certificate described in
         Section 5.10 hereof) issuing to the Holder of any Note converted after
         such record date the shares of Common Stock and other Capital Stock of
         the Company issuable upon such conversion over and above the shares of
         Common Stock and other Capital Stock of the Company issuable upon such
         conversion only on the basis of the Conversion Price prior to
         adjustment; and, in lieu of the shares the issuance of which is so
         deferred, the Company shall



                                       31
<PAGE>   36

         issue or cause its transfer agents to issue due bills or other
         appropriate evidence of the right to receive such shares.

SECTION 5.07.     NO ADJUSTMENT.


                  No adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be required until
         cumulative adjustments amount to 1% or more of the Conversion Price as
         last adjusted; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason
         of this Section 5.07 are not required to be made shall be carried
         forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All
         calculations under this Article V shall be made to the nearest cent or
         to the nearest one-hundredth of a share, as the case may be. No
         adjustment need be made for rights to purchase Common Stock pursuant to
         a Company plan for reinvestment of dividends or interest. No adjustment
         need be made for a change in the par value or no par value of the
         Common Stock.

SECTION 5.08.     OTHER ADJUSTMENTS.

                  (a) In the event that, as a result of an adjustment made
         pursuant to Section 5.06 hereof, the Holder of any Note thereafter
         surrendered for conversion shall become entitled to receive any shares
         of Capital Stock of the Company other than shares of its Common Stock,
         thereafter the Conversion Price of such other shares so receivable upon
         conversion of any Note shall be subject to adjustment from time to time
         in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the
         provisions with respect to Common Stock contained in this Article V.

                  (b) In the event that shares of Common Stock are not delivered
         after the expiration of any of the rights or warrants referred to in
         Section 5.06(b) and Section 5.06(c) hereof, the Conversion Price shall
         be readjusted to the Conversion Price which would otherwise be in
         effect had the adjustment made upon the issuance of such rights or
         warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of
         shares of Common Stock actually delivered.

SECTION 5.09.     ADJUSTMENTS FOR TAX PURPOSES.


                  The Company may make such reductions in the Conversion Price,
         in addition to those required by Section 5.06 hereof, as it determines
         to be advisable in order that any stock dividend, subdivision of
         shares, distribution or rights to purchase stock or securities or
         distribution of securities convertible into or exchangeable for stock
         made by the Company to its stockholders will not be taxable to the
         recipients thereof.

SECTION 5.10.     NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENT.


                  Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted, the Company shall
         promptly mail to Holders at the addresses appearing on the Registrar's
         books a notice of the adjustment and file with the Trustee an Officers'
         Certificate briefly stating the facts requiring the adjustment and the
         manner of computing it. The certificate shall be conclusive evidence of
         the correctness of such adjustment. Unless and until a Trust Officer of
         the Trustee shall receive written notice of an adjustment of the
         Conversion Price, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that the
         Conversion Price has not been adjusted and that the last Conversion
         Price of which it has knowledge remains in effect.


                                       32
<PAGE>   37

SECTION 5.11.     NOTICE OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS.


                  In the event that:


                  (1) the Company takes any action which would require an
         adjustment in the Conversion Price;


                  (2) the Company takes any action that would require a
         supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 5.12; or


                  (3) there is a dissolution or liquidation of the Company;


         the Company shall mail to Holders at the addresses appearing on the
         Registrar's books and the Trustee a notice stating the proposed record
         or effective date, as the case may be, to permit a Holder of a Note to
         convert such Note into shares of Common Stock prior to the record date
         for or the effective date of the transaction in order to receive the
         rights, warrants, securities or assets which a Holder of shares of
         Common Stock on that date may receive. The Company shall mail the
         notice at least 15 days before such date; however, failure to mail such
         notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of any
         transaction referred to in clause (1), (2) or (3) of this Section 5.11.


SECTION 5.12.     EFFECT OF RECLASSIFICATIONS, CONSOLIDATIONS, MERGERS OR SALES
ON CONVERSION PRIVILEGE.


                  If any of the following shall occur, namely: (i) any
         reclassification or change of outstanding shares of Common Stock
         issuable upon conversion of Notes (other than a change in par value, or
         from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or
         as a result of a subdivision or combination), (ii) any consolidation or
         merger to which the Company is a party other than a merger in which the
         Company is the continuing corporation and which does not result in any
         reclassification of, or change (other than a change in name, or par
         value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par
         value or as a result of a subdivision or combination) in, outstanding
         shares of Common Stock or (iii) any sale or conveyance of all or
         substantially all of the property or business of the Company as an
         entirety, then the Company, or such successor or purchasing
         corporation, as the case may be, shall, as a condition precedent to
         such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or
         conveyance, execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture
         in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee providing that the
         Holder of each Note then outstanding shall have the right to convert
         such Note into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other
         securities and property (including cash) receivable upon such
         reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by
         a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
         conversion of such Note immediately prior to such reclassification,
         change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance. Such supplemental
         indenture shall provide for adjustments of the Conversion Price which
         shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments
         of the Conversion Price provided for in this Article V. The foregoing,
         however, shall not in any way affect the right a Holder of a Note may
         otherwise have, pursuant to clause (ii) of the last sentence of
         subsection (c) of Section 5.06 hereof, to receive Rights upon
         conversion of a Note. If in the case of any such consolidation, merger,
         sale or

                                       33
<PAGE>   38
         conveyance, the stock or other securities and property (including cash)
         receivable thereupon by a holder of Common Stock includes shares of
         stock or other securities and property of a corporation other than the
         successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such
         consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, then such supplemental
         indenture shall also be executed by such other corporation and shall
         contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the
         Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors of the Company shall
         reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing. The provision
         of this Section 5.12 shall similarly apply to successive
         consolidations, mergers, sales or conveyances.


                  In the event the Company shall execute a supplemental
         indenture pursuant to this Section 5.12, the Company shall promptly
         file with the Trustee an Officers' Certificate briefly stating the
         reasons therefor, the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities
         or property (including cash) receivable by Holders of the Notes upon
         the conversion of their Notes after any such reclassification, change,
         consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance and any adjustment to be made
         with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.13.     TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER.


                  The Trustee has no duty to determine when an adjustment under
         this Article V should be made, how it should be made or what such
         adjustment should be, but may accept as conclusive evidence of the
         correctness of any such adjustment, and shall be protected in relying
         upon the Officers' Certificate with respect thereto which the Company
         is obligated to file with the Trustee pursuant to Section 5.10 hereof.
         The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or value of any
         securities or assets issued upon conversion of Notes, and the Trustee
         shall not be responsible for the Company's failure to comply with any
         provisions of this Article V.


                  The Trustee shall not be under any responsibility to determine
         the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental
         indenture executed pursuant to Section 5.12, but may accept as
         conclusive evidence of the correctness thereof, and shall be protected
         in relying upon, the Officers' Certificate with respect thereto which
         the Company is obligated to file with the Trustee pursuant to Section
         5.12 hereof.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                  SUBORDINATION

SECTION 6.01.     AGREEMENT TO SUBORDINATE AND RANKING.


                  The Company, for itself and its successors, and each Holder,
         by its acceptance of Notes, agree that the payment of the principal of
         or interest on or any other amounts due on the Notes is subordinated in
         right of payment, to the extent and in the manner stated in this
         Article VI, to the prior payment in full of all existing and future
         Senior Debt. The Notes shall rank pari passu with, and shall not be
         senior in right of payment to such other Indebtedness of the Company
         whether outstanding on the date of this Indenture or hereafter created,
         incurred, issued or guaranteed by the Company, where the instrument
         creating or evidencing such Indebtedness expressly provides that such
         Indebtedness ranks pari passu with the Notes.


                                       34
<PAGE>   39
SECTION 6.02.     NO PAYMENT ON NOTES IF SENIOR DEBT IN DEFAULT.


                  Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, no
         payment on account of principal of or redemption of, interest on,
         Special Interest on, or other amounts due on the Notes, and no
         redemption, purchase, or other acquisition of the Notes, shall be made
         by or on behalf of the Company (i) unless full payment of amounts then
         due for principal and interest and of all other amounts then due on all
         Senior Debt has been made or duly provided for pursuant to the terms of
         the instrument governing such Senior Debt, (ii) if, at the time of such
         payment, redemption, purchase or other acquisition, or immediately
         after giving effect thereto, there shall exist under any Senior Debt,
         or any agreement pursuant to which any Senior Debt is issued, any
         Default, which Default shall have resulted in the full amount of such
         Senior Debt being declared due and payable or (iii) if, at the time of
         such payment, redemption, purchase or other acquisition, the Trustee
         shall have received written notice from any of the holders of
         Designated Senior Debt or such holder's representative (a "PAYMENT
         BLOCKAGE NOTICE") that there exists under such Designated Senior Debt,
         or any agreement pursuant to which such Designated Senior Debt is
         issued, any Default, permitting the holders thereof to declare any
         amounts of such Designated Senior Debt due and payable, but only for
         the period (the "PAYMENT BLOCKAGE PERIOD") commencing on the date of
         receipt of the Payment Blockage Notice and ending (unless earlier
         terminated by notice given to the Trustee by the holders of such
         Designated Senior Debt) on the earlier of (a) the date on which such
         Event of Default shall have been cured or waived or (b)180 days from
         the receipt of the Payment Blockage Notice. Upon termination of the
         Payment Blockage Period, payments on account of principal of or
         interest on the Notes (other than, subject to Section 6.03 hereof,
         amounts due and payable by reason of the acceleration of the maturity
         of the Notes) and redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions may be
         made by or on behalf of the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to
         the contrary, (a) only one Payment Blockage Notice may be given during
         any period of 360 consecutive days with respect to the same Event of
         Default or any other Events of Default on the same issue of Designated
         Senior Debt existing or continuing at the time of such notice unless
         such Event of Default or such other Events of Default have been cured
         or waived for a period of not less than 90 consecutive days and (b) no
         new Payment Blockage Period may be commenced by the holder or holders
         of Designated Senior Debt or their representative or representatives
         during any period of 360 consecutive days unless all Events of Default
         which were the subject of the immediately preceding Payment Blockage
         Notice have been cured or waived.


                  In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this
         Section 6.02, payments are made by or on behalf of the Company in
         contravention of the provisions of this Section 6.02, such payments
         shall be held by the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the holders, as
         applicable, in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid over to and
         delivered to, the holders of Senior Debt or their representative or the
         trustee under the indenture or other agreement (if any), pursuant to
         which any instruments evidencing any Senior Debt may have been issued
         (as to which the Trustee shall be entitled to request and rely upon
         written certification from such holders of Senior Debt or related
         trustees) for application to the payment of all Senior Debt ratably
         according to the aggregate amounts remaining unpaid to the extent
         necessary to pay all Senior Debt in full in accordance with the terms
         of such Senior Debt, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or
         distribution to or for the holders of Senior Debt.



                                       35
<PAGE>   40

                  The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee
         and any Paying Agent of any default or event of default under any
         Senior Debt or under any agreement pursuant to which any Senior Debt
         may have been issued.

SECTION 6.03.     DISTRIBUTION ON ACCELERATION OF NOTES; DISSOLUTION AND
REORGANIZATION; SUBROGATION OF NOTES.

                  (a) If the Notes are declared due and payable because of the
         occurrence of an Event of Default, the Company or the Trustee shall
         give prompt written notice to the holders of all Senior Debt or to the
         trustee(s) for such Senior Debt (in each case to the extent known to
         the Trustee) of such acceleration. The Company may not pay the
         principal of or interest on or any other amounts due on the Notes until
         five days after such holders or trustee(s) of Senior Debt receive such
         notice and, thereafter, the Company may pay the principal of or
         interest on or any other amounts due on the Notes only if the
         provisions of this Article VI permit such payment.

                  (b) Upon (i) any acceleration of the principal amount due on
         the Notes because of an Event of Default or (ii) any distribution of
         assets of the Company upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or
         reorganization of the Company (whether in bankruptcy, insolvency or
         receivership proceedings or upon an assignment for the benefit of
         creditors or any other dissolution, winding up, liquidation or
         reorganization of the Company):

                           (1) the holders of all Senior Debt shall first be
                  entitled to receive payment in full of the principal thereof,
                  the interest thereon and any other amounts due thereon before
                  the Holders are entitled to receive payment on account of the
                  principal of or interest on or any other amounts due on the
                  Notes;

                           (2) any payment or distribution of assets of the
                  Company of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or
                  securities (other than securities of the Company as
                  reorganized or readjusted or securities of the Company or any
                  other corporation provided for by a plan of reorganization or
                  readjustment the payment of which is subordinate, at least to
                  the extent provided in this Article VI with respect to the
                  Notes, to the payment in full without diminution or
                  modification by such plan of all Senior Debt), to which the
                  Holders or the Trustee would be entitled except for the
                  provisions of this Article VI, shall be paid by the
                  liquidating trustee or agent or other Person making such a
                  payment or distribution, directly to the holders of Senior
                  Debt (or their representatives(s) or trustee(s) acting on
                  their behalf), ratably according to the aggregate amounts
                  remaining unpaid on account of the principal of or interest on
                  and other amounts due on the Senior Debt held or represented
                  by each, to the extent necessary to make payment in full of
                  all Senior Debt remaining unpaid, after giving effect to any
                  concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of such
                  Senior Debt; and

                           (3) in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing,
                  any payment or distribution of assets of the Company of any
                  kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities
                  (other than securities of the Company as reorganized or
                  readjusted, or securities of the Company or any other
                  corporation provided for by a

                                       36
<PAGE>   41

                  plan of reorganization or readjustment the payment of which is
                  subordinate, at least to the extent provided in this Article
                  VI with respect to the Notes, to the payment in full without
                  diminution or modification by such plan of Senior Debt), shall
                  be received by the Trustee or the Holders before all Senior
                  Debt is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be
                  held in trust for the benefit of, and be paid over to upon
                  request by a holder of the Senior Debt, the holders of the
                  Senior Debt remaining unpaid (or their representatives) or
                  trustee(s) acting on their behalf, ratably as aforesaid, for
                  application to the payment of such Senior Debt until all such
                  Senior Debt shall have been paid in full, after giving effect
                  to any concurrent payment or distribution to the holders of
                  such Senior Debt. Subject to the payment in full of all Senior
                  Debt, the Holders shall be subrogated to the rights of the
                  holders of Senior Debt to receive payments or distributions of
                  cash, property or securities of the Company applicable to the
                  Senior Debt until the principal of and interest on the Notes
                  shall be paid in full and, for purposes of such subrogation,
                  no such payments or distributions to the holders of Senior
                  Debt of cash, property or securities which otherwise would
                  have been payable or distributable to Holders shall, as
                  between the Company, its creditors other than the holders of
                  Senior Debt, and the Holders, be deemed to be a payment by the
                  Company to or on account of the Senior Debt, it being
                  understood that the provisions of this Article VI are, and are
                  intended solely for the purpose of, defining the relative
                  rights of the Holders, on the one hand, and the holders of
                  Senior Debt, on the other hand.

                  Nothing contained in this Article VI or elsewhere in this
         Indenture or in the Notes is intended to or shall (i) impair, as
         between the Company and its creditors other than the holders of Senior
         Debt, the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and
         unconditional, to pay to the Holders the principal of and interest on
         the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable in
         accordance with the terms of the Notes, or, (ii) affect the relative
         rights of the Holders and creditors of the Company other than holders
         of Senior Debt or, as between the Company and the Trustee, the
         obligations of the Company to the Trustee, or (iii) prevent the Trustee
         or the Holders from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by
         applicable law upon default under this Indenture, subject to the
         rights, if any, under this Article VI of the holders of Senior Debt in
         respect of cash, property and securities of the Company received upon
         the exercise of any such remedy.


                  Upon distribution of assets of the Company referred to in this
         Article VI, the Trustee, subject to the provisions of Section 9.01
         hereof, and the Holders shall be entitled to rely upon a certificate of
         the liquidating trustee or agent or other Person making any
         distribution to the Trustee or to the Holders for the purpose of
         ascertaining the Persons entitled to participate in such distribution,
         the holders of the Senior Debt and other indebtedness of the Company,
         the amount thereof or payable thereon, the amount or amounts paid or
         distributed thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this
         Article VI. The Trustee, however, shall not be deemed to owe any
         fiduciary duty to the holders of Senior Debt. Nothing contained in this
         Article VI or elsewhere in this Indenture, or in any of the Notes,
         shall prevent the good faith application by the Trustee of any moneys
         which were deposited with it hereunder, prior to its receipt of written
         notice of facts which would prohibit such application, for the purpose
         of the payment of or on account of the principal of or interest on, the
         Notes unless, prior to the date on which such application is made by
         the Trustee, the Trustee shall be charged with notice under Section
         6.03(d) hereof of the facts which would prohibit the making of such
         application.


                                       37
<PAGE>   42

                  (c) The provisions of this Article VI shall not be applicable
         to any cash, properties or securities received by the Trustee or by any
         Holder when received as a holder of Senior Debt and nothing in Section
         9.11 hereof or elsewhere in this Indenture shall deprive the Trustee or
         such Holder of any of its rights as such holder.

                  (d) The Company shall give prompt written notice to the
         Trustee of any fact known to the Company which would prohibit the
         making of any payment of money to or by the Trustee in respect of the
         Notes pursuant to the provisions of this Article VI. The Trustee,
         subject to the provisions of Section 9.01 hereof, shall be entitled to
         assume that no such fact exists unless the Company or any holder of
         Senior Debt or any trustee therefor has given such notice to the
         Trustee. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VI or any other
         provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee shall not be charged with
         knowledge of the existence of any fact which would prohibit the making
         of any payment of monies to or by the Trustee in respect of the Notes
         pursuant to the provisions in this Article VI, unless, and until three
         Business Days after, the Trustee shall have received written notice
         thereof from the Company or any holder or holders of Senior Debt or
         from any trustee therefor; and, prior to the receipt of any such
         written notice, the Trustee, subject to the provisions of Section 9.01
         hereof, shall be entitled in all respects conclusively to assume that
         no such facts exist; provided that if on a date not less than three
         Business Days immediately preceding the date upon which by the terms
         hereof any such monies may become payable for any purpose (including,
         without limitation, the principal of or interest on any Note), the
         Trustee shall not have received with respect to such monies the notice
         provided for in this Section 6.03(d), than anything herein contained to
         the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have full power and
         authority to receive such monies and to apply the same to the purpose
         for which they were received, and shall not be affected by any notice
         to the contrary which may be received by it on or after such prior
         date.


                  The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on the delivery to it of
         a written notice by a Person representing himself to be a holder of
         Senior Debt (or a trustee on behalf of such holder) to establish that
         such notice has been given by a holder of Senior Debt (or a trustee on
         behalf of any such holder or holders). In the event that the Trustee
         determines in good faith that further evidence is required with respect
         to the right of any Person as a holder of Senior Debt to participate in
         any payment or distribution pursuant to this Article VI, the Trustee
         may request such Person to furnish evidence to the reasonable
         satisfaction of the Trustee as to the amount of Senior Debt held by
         such Person, the extent to which such Person is entitled to participate
         in such payment or distribution and any other facts pertinent to the
         rights of such Person under this Article VI, and, if such evidence is
         not furnished, the Trustee may defer any payment to such Person pending
         judicial determination as to the right of such Person to receive such
         payment; nor shall the Trustee be charged with knowledge of the curing
         or waiving of any default of the character specified in Section 6.02
         hereof or that any event or any condition preventing any payment in
         respect of the Notes shall have ceased to exist, unless and until the
         Trustee shall have received an Officers' Certificate to such effect.

                  (e) The provisions of this Section 6.03 applicable to the
         Trustee shall also apply to any Paying Agent for the Company.

SECTION 6.04.     RELIANCE BY SENIOR DEBT ON SUBORDINATION PROVISIONS.



                                       38
<PAGE>   43

                  Each Holder of any Note by his acceptance thereof acknowledges
         and agrees that the foregoing subordination provisions are, and are
         intended to be, an inducement and a consideration for each holder of
         any Senior Debt, whether such Senior Debt was created or acquired
         before or after the issuance of the Notes, to acquire and continue to
         hold, or to continue to hold, such Senior Debt, and such holder of
         Senior Debt shall be deemed conclusively to have relied on such
         subordination provisions in acquiring and continuing to hold, or in
         continuing to hold, such Senior Debt. Notice of any default in the
         payment of any Senior Debt, except as expressly stated in this Article
         VI, and notice of acceptance of the provisions hereof are hereby
         expressly waived. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no
         waiver, forbearance or release by any holder of Senior Debt under such
         Senior Debt or under this Article VI shall constitute a release of any
         of the obligations or liabilities of the Trustee or Holders of the
         Notes provided in this Article VI.

SECTION 6.05.     NO WAIVER OF SUBORDINATION PROVISIONS.


                  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no right of any
         present or future holder of any Senior Debt to enforce subordination as
         herein provided shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or impaired
         by any act or failure to act on the part of the Company or by any act
         or failure to act, in good faith, by any such holder, or by any
         noncompliance by the Company with the terms, provisions and covenants
         of this Indenture, regardless of any knowledge thereof any such holder
         may have or be otherwise charged with.


                  Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing
         paragraph, the holders of Senior Debt may, at any time and from time to
         time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Trustee or the Holders
         of the Notes, without incurring responsibility to the Holders of the
         Notes and without impairing or releasing the subordination provided in
         this Article VI or the obligations hereunder of the Holders of the
         Notes to the holders of Senior Debt, do any one or more of the
         following: (i) change the manner, place or terms of payment of, or
         renew or alter, Senior Debt, or otherwise amend or supplement in any
         manner Senior Debt or any instrument evidencing the same or any
         agreement under which Senior Debt is outstanding; (ii) sell, exchange,
         release or otherwise dispose of any property pledged, mortgaged or
         otherwise securing Senior Debt; (iii) release any Person liable in any
         manner for the collection of Senior Debt; and (iv) exercise or refrain
         from exercising any rights against the Company or any other Person.

SECTION 6.06.     TRUSTEE'S RELATION TO SENIOR DEBT.


                  The Trustee in its individual capacity shall be entitled to
         all the rights set forth in this Article VI in respect of any Senior
         Debt at any time held by it, to the same extent as any holder of Senior
         Debt, and nothing in Section 9.11 hereof or elsewhere in this Indenture
         shall deprive the Trustee of any of its rights as such holder.


                  With respect to the holders of Senior Debt, the Trustee
         undertakes to perform or to observe only such of its covenants and
         obligation, as are specifically set forth in this Article VI, and no
         implied covenants or obligations with respect to the holders of Senior
         Debt shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee. The Trustee
         shall not owe any fiduciary duty to the holders of Senior Debt but
         shall have only such obligations to such holders as are



                                       39

<PAGE>   44

         expressly set forth in this Article VI; and in no event shall the
         Trustee be liable to any such holders if it shall in good faith
         mistakenly pay over or distribute to Holders of the Notes or to the
         Company (or any other Person) amounts to which such holders of Senior
         Debt would be entitled under this Article.


                  Each Holder of a Note by his acceptance thereof authorizes and
         directs the Trustee on his behalf to take such action as may be
         necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination provided in
         this Article VI and appoints the Trustee his attorney-in-fact for any
         and all such purposes, including, in the event of any dissolution,
         winding up or liquidation or reorganization under any applicable
         bankruptcy law of the Company (whether in bankruptcy, insolvency or
         receivership proceedings or otherwise), the timely filing of a claim
         for the unpaid balance of such Holder's Notes in the form required in
         such proceedings and the causing of such claim to be approved. If the
         Trustee does not file a claim or proof of debt in the form required in
         such proceedings prior to 30 days before the expiration of the time to
         file such claims or proofs, then any Holder or holders of Senior Debt
         or their representative or representatives shall have the right to
         demand, sue for, collect, receive and receipt for the payments and
         distributions in respect of the Notes which are required to be paid or
         delivered to the holders of Senior Debt as provided in this Article VI
         and to file and prove all claims therefore and to take all such other
         action in the name of the holders or otherwise, as such holders of
         Senior Debt or representative thereof may determine to be necessary or
         appropriate for the enforcement of the provisions of this Article VI.

SECTION 6.07.     OTHER PROVISIONS SUBJECT HERETO.


                  Except as expressly stated in this Article VI, notwithstanding
         anything contained in this Indenture to the contrary, all the
         provisions of this Indenture and the Notes are subject to the
         provisions of this Article VI. However, nothing in this Article VI
         shall apply to or adversely affect the claims of, or payment, to, the
         Trustee pursuant to Section 9.07 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         the failure to make a payment on account of principal of or interest on
         the Notes by reason of any provision of this Article VI shall not be
         construed as preventing the occurrence of an Event of Default under
         Section 8.01 hereof.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                   SUCCESSORS

SECTION 7.01.     LIMITATION ON MERGER, SALE OR CONSOLIDATION.


                  The Company may not, directly or indirectly, consolidate with
         or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or
         substantially all of its assets, on a consolidated basis, whether in a
         single transaction or a series of related transactions, to another
         person or group of affiliated persons, other than to its Wholly-Owned
         Subsidiaries, unless:

                  (a) either: (i) in the case of a merger or consolidation, the
         Company is the surviving entity; or (ii) the resulting, surviving or
         transferee entity is a corporation organized under the laws of the
         United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and
         expressly assumes by supplemental indenture all of the Company's
         obligations in connection with the Notes and the Indenture; and




                                       40
<PAGE>   45

                  (b) no Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately
         before or after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such transaction.


                  Upon any permitted consolidation or merger or any permitted
         sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
         assets of the Company in accordance with the foregoing, the successor
         corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is
         merged or to which such sale, lease or other disposition is made, shall
         succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and
         power of, the Company under the Indenture with the same effect as if
         such successor corporation had been named therein in the same manner as
         the Company is named, and when a successor corporation duly assumes all
         of the obligations of the Company pursuant hereto and pursuant to the
         Notes, the Company will be released from its obligations under the
         Indenture and the Notes, except as to any obligations that arise from
         or as a result of such transaction.


                  For purposes of the foregoing, the transfer, by lease,
         assignment, sale or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the
         properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries, which properties and
         assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiary, would
         constitute all or substantially all of the Company's properties and
         assets, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all
         of the Company's properties and assets. This Section 7.01 will not
         apply to a sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition
         of assets between or among the Company and any of its Wholly-Owned
         Subsidiaries.

SECTION 7.02.     SUCCESSOR CORPORATION SUBSTITUTED.


                  Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment,
         transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or
         substantially all of the assets of the Company undertaken in accordance
         with Section 7.01 hereof, the successor corporation formed by such
         consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which
         such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition
         is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for and may exercise every
         right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same
         effect as if such successor Person has been named as the Company
         herein.

                                 ARTICLE VIII
                              DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

SECTION 8.01.     EVENTS OF DEFAULT.


                  An "EVENT OF DEFAULT" occurs if:

                  (a) the Company defaults in the payment of interest on any
         Note when the same becomes due and payable and the Default continues
         for a period of 30 days after the date due and payable;

                  (b) the Company defaults in the payment of the principal of
         any Note when the same becomes due and payable at maturity, upon
         optional redemption, in connection with a Purchase Offer, upon
         declaration or otherwise;


                                       41
<PAGE>   46

                  (c) the Company fails to observe or perform for a period of 30
         days after notice any covenant or agreement contained in Sections 4.07
         and 7.01 hereof (other than, in the case of Section 4.07, a failure to
         purchase Notes in connection with a Purchase Offer) hereof;

                  (d) the Company fails to observe or perform any other covenant
         or agreement contained in this Indenture or the Notes, required by it
         to be performed and the failure continues for a period of 60 days after
         notice from the Trustee to the Company or from the Holders of 25% in
         aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes to the Company
         and the Trustee stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default";

                  (e) the failure by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
         to make any payment at final stated maturity, including any applicable
         grace period, in respect of its Indebtedness (other than non-recourse
         obligations) in an amount in excess of $15 million, and continuance of
         such failure for 30 days after written notice is given to the Company
         by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at
         least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding.

                  (f) A default by the company or any Significant Subsidiary
         with respect to any of the Company's Indebtedness (other than
         non-recourse obligations), which default results in the acceleration of
         Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $15 million without such
         Indebtedness having been discharged or such acceleration having been
         rescinded or annulled for 30 days after written notice is given to the
         Company by the Trustee or to us and the Trustee by the Holders of at
         least 25% in aggregate principal amount or Notes outstanding.

                  (g) failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is
         a Significant Subsidiary or any group of two or more Subsidiaries that,
         taken as a whole, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary to pay
         final judgments for the payment of money (other than any judgment as to
         which a reputable insurance company has accepted liability subject to
         customary terms) aggregating in excess of $5.0 million, which judgments
         are not paid, discharged or stayed within 60 days after their entry;

                  (h) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a
         Significant Subsidiary or any group of two or more Subsidiaries that,
         taken as a whole, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary pursuant to
         or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

                           (i) commences a voluntary case;

                           (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief
                  against it in an involuntary case in which it is the debtor;

                           (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of
                  it or for all or substantially all of its property;

                           (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of
                  its creditors; or

                           (v) generally is unable to pay its debts as the same
                  become due; or

         (i) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under
any Bankruptcy Law that:


                                       42
<PAGE>   47

                  (i) is for relief against the Company or any of its
         Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of two or
         more Subsidiaries that, taken as a whole, would constitute a
         Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case;

                  (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any of its
         Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of two or
         more Subsidiaries that, taken as a whole, would constitute a
         Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of its property;

                  (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company or any of its
         Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of two or
         more Subsidiaries that, taken as a whole, would constitute a
         Significant Subsidiary, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in
         effect for 60 days.

         The term "BANKRUPTCY LAW" means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar
Federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors or the protection of
creditors. The term "CUSTODIAN" means any receiver, trustee, assignee,
liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

SECTION 8.02.     ACCELERATION.


                  If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default
         specified in clauses (g) or (h) of Section 8.01 hereof) occurs and is
         continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the Holders of at
         least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice
         to the Company and the Trustee, may declare all the Notes to be due and
         payable. Upon such declaration, the principal of, premium, if any, and
         interest on the Notes shall be due and payable immediately. If an Event
         of Default specified in clause (g) or (h) of Section 8.01 hereof
         occurs, such an amount shall ipso facto become and be immediately due
         and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the
         Trustee or any Holder.


                  If the Notes have been declared due and payable as a result of
         the acceleration of Indebtedness prior to its express maturity pursuant
         to Section 8.01(e)(ii), such declaration shall be automatically
         rescinded if the acceleration of such indebtedness has been rescinded
         or annulled within 30 days after such acceleration in accordance with
         the mortgage, indenture or instrument under which it was issued and if
         (i) the recission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a
         court of competent jurisdiction and (ii) all existing Events of Default
         have been cured or waived except nonpayment of principal or interest on
         the Notes that has become due solely because of the acceleration of the
         Notes.


                  Except as otherwise provided in the immediately preceding
         paragraph, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then
         outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration
         and its consequences (i) if the recission would not conflict with any
         judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (ii) if all
         existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment
         of principal or interest on the Notes that has become due solely
         because of the acceleration of the Notes.

SECTION 8.03.     OTHER REMEDIES.


                                       43
<PAGE>   48

                  If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee
         may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal or
         interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of
         the Notes or this Indenture.


                  The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not
         possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the
         proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in
         exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall
         not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or
         acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to
         the extent permitted by law.

SECTION 8.04.     WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS.


                  The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then
         outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of all of the
         Holders of the Notes waive an existing Default or Event of Default and
         its consequences except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the
         payment of the principal of or interest on any Note. When a Default or
         Event of Default is waived, it is cured and ceases; but no such waiver
         shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right
         consequent thereon.

SECTION 8.05.     CONTROL BY MAJORITY.


                  The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then
         outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting
         any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising
         any trust or power conferred on it. However, the Trustee may refuse to
         follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture, is
         unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders, or would involve the
         Trustee in personal liability.

SECTION 8.06.     LIMITATION ON SUITS.


                  A Holder may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or
         the Notes only if:

                  (a) the Holder gives to the Trustee notice of a continuing
         Event of Default;

                  (b) the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the
         then outstanding Notes make a request to the Trustee to pursue the
         remedy;

                  (c) such Holder or Holders offer to the Trustee indemnity
         satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

                  (d) the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60
         days after receipt of the request and the offer of indemnity; and

                  (e) during such 60-day period the Holders of a majority in
         principal amount of the then outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee
         a direction inconsistent with the request.


                  A Holder may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of
         another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another
         Holder.

                                       44
<PAGE>   49

SECTION 8.07.     RIGHTS OF HOLDERS TO RECEIVE PAYMENT.


                  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the
         right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of principal, and
         interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed in
         the Note, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on
         or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected
         without the consent of the Holder.

SECTION 8.08.     COLLECTION SUIT BY TRUSTEE.


                  If an Event of Default specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b),
         hereof occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in
         its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for
         the whole amount of principal and interest remaining unpaid on the
         Notes and interest on overdue principal and interest and such further
         amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and, to the extent
         lawful, expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation,
         expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and
         counsel.

SECTION 8.09.     TRUSTEE MAY FILE PROOFS OF CLAIM.


                  The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or
         documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims
         of the Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings
         relative to the Company, its creditors or its property. Nothing
         contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize
         or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of
         reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the
         Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee
         to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

SECTION 8.10.     PRIORITIES.


                  If the Trustee collects any money pursuant to this Article, it
         shall pay out the money in the following order:


                  First: to the Trustee for amounts due under Section 9.07
         hereof;


                  Second: to the holders of Senior Debt, if and to the extent
         required by Article VI;


                  Third: to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for
         principal and interest (and Special Interest, if applicable), ratably,
         without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts
         due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, respectively;
         and


                  Fourth: to the Company.


                  The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any
         payment to Holders made pursuant to this Section 8.10.

SECTION 8.11.     UNDERTAKING FOR COSTS.



                                       45
<PAGE>   50

                  In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under
         this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken
         or omitted by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion may require
         the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay
         the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess
         reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any
         party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good
         faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This
         Section 8.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a
         Holder pursuant to Section 8.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more
         than 10% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                     TRUSTEE

SECTION 9.01.     DUTIES OF TRUSTEE.

                  (a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
         Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by
         this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their
         exercise, as a prudent man would exercise or use under the
         circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs.

                  (b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: (i)
         the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set
         forth in this Indenture and no others and (ii) in the absence of bad
         faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth
         of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed
         therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and
         conforming to the requirements of this Indenture. However, the Trustee
         shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not
         they conform on their face to the requirements of this Indenture.

                  (c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own
         negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful
         misconduct, except that: (i) this paragraph does not limit the effect
         of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.01; (ii) the Trustee shall not be
         liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Trust Officer,
         unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the
         pertinent facts and (iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect
         to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance
         with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 8.05 hereof.

                  (d) Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates
         to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this
         Section 9.01.

                  (e) The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any
         right or power (including, without limitation, as requested or directed
         by a Holder) unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against
         any loss, liability or expense.

                  (f) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money
         received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the
         Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from
         other funds except to the extent required by law.

SECTION 9.02.     RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE.

                                       46
<PAGE>   51

                  (a) The Trustee may rely on any document believed by it to be
         genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The
         Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.

                  (b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may
         require an Officers' Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, or both. The
         Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in
         good faith in reliance on such Officers' Certificate or Opinion of
         Counsel.

                  (c) The Trustee may act through agents and shall not be
         responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed
         with due care.

                  (d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or
         omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or
         within its rights or powers.

                  (e) The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any
         Event of Default under subsections (c), through (i) (and subsection (a)
         or (b) if the Trustee does not act as Paying Agent) of Section 8.01 or
         of the identity of any Significant Subsidiary or of any group of two or
         more Subsidiaries that, taken as a whole, would constitute a
         Significant Subsidiary unless either (1) a Trust Officer of the Trustee
         assigned to its corporate trust department shall have actual knowledge
         thereof, or (2) the Trustee shall have received written notice thereof
         in accordance with Section 12.02 hereof from the Company or any Holder.

                  (f) The grant of any permissive rights, power or authority
         hereunder to the Trustee shall not be construed to be a duty.

SECTION 9.03.     INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS OF TRUSTEE.


                  The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become
         the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Company
         or an Affiliate with the same rights it would have if it were not
         Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. However, the
         Trustee is subject to Sections 9.10 and 9.11 hereof.

SECTION 9.04.     TRUSTEE'S DISCLAIMER.


                  The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or
         adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable
         for the Company's use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not
         be responsible for any statement of the Company in the Indenture or any
         statement in the Notes other than its authentication or for compliance
         by the Company with the Registration Rights Agreement.

SECTION 9.05.     NOTICE OF DEFAULTS.


                  If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and
         if it is known to the Trustee, the Trustee shall mail to Holders a
         notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it
         occurs. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment
         on any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a
         committee of its Trust Officers in good faith determines that
         withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders.

                                       47
<PAGE>   52
SECTION 9.06.  REPORTS BY TRUSTEE TO HOLDERS.

                  Within 60 days after the reporting date stated in Section
         12.10, the Trustee shall mail to Holders a brief report dated as of
         such reporting date that complies with TIA Section 313(a) if and to the
         extent required by such Section 313(a). The Trustee also shall comply
         with TIA Section 313(b)(2). The Trustee shall also transmit by mail all
         reports as required by TIA Section 313(c).

                  A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Holders
         shall be filed with the SEC and each stock exchange on which the Notes
         are listed. The Company shall notify the Trustee when the Notes are
         listed on any stock exchange.

SECTION 9.07.  COMPENSATION AND INDEMNITY.

                  The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time to time
         reasonable compensation for its services hereunder as to which the
         Company and the Trustee shall from time to time mutually agree in
         writing. The Trustee's compensation shall not be limited by any law on
         compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall
         reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable disbursements,
         expenses and advances incurred or made by it. Such disbursements and
         expenses may include the reasonable disbursements, compensation and
         expenses of the Trustee's agents and counsel.

                  The Company shall indemnify the Trustee against any claims,
         demands, expenses (including but not limited to reasonable
         compensation, fees, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee's agents
         and counsel), losses, damages or liabilities incurred by it, except as
         set forth in the next paragraph, arising out of, related to, or in
         connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust and its
         rights or duties hereunder, including the reasonable costs and
         expenses, and the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture
         (including this Section 9.07) against the Company and of defending
         itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, or any
         Holder or any other person) or liability in connection with the
         exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder. The
         Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may
         seek indemnity. The Company shall defend the claim and the Trustee
         shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel
         and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees, disbursements and
         expenses of such counsel. The Company need not pay for any settlement
         made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
         withheld.

                  The Company need not reimburse any expense or indemnify
         against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee through the
         Trustee's negligence or bad faith.

                  To secure the Company's payment obligations in this Section
         9.07, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or
         property held or collected by the Trustee, except money or property
         held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes.

                  Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee
         under applicable law, when the Trustee incurs expenses or renders
         services after an Event of Default specified in Section 8.01(h) or (i)
         hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are
         intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy
         Law.

                                       48
<PAGE>   53
                  All amounts owing to the Trustee under this Section 9.07 shall
         be payable by the Company in United States dollars.

SECTION 9.08.  REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE.

                  A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a
         successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor
         Trustee's acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 9.08.

                  The Trustee may resign by so notifying the Company. The
         Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes
         may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company. The
         Company may remove the Trustee if:

                  (a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 9.10 hereof,
         unless the Trustee's duty to resign is stayed as provided in TIA
         Section 310(b);

                  (b) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an
         order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any
         Bankruptcy Law;

                  (c) a Custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee
         or its property; or

                  (d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

                  If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in
         the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly
         appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor
         Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of
         the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace
         the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.

                  If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days
         after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee,
         the Company or the Holders of at least 10% in principal amount of the
         then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction
         for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

                  If the Trustee fails to comply with Section 9.10 hereof,
         unless the Trustee's duty to resign is stayed as provided in TIA
         Section 310(b), any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note
         for at least six months may petition any court of competent
         jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a
         successor Trustee.

                  A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its
         appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Thereupon the
         resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective,
         and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties
         of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee shall mail a
         notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee shall
         promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor
         Trustee, subject to the lien provided for in Section 9.07 hereof.
         Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section
         9.08 hereof, the Company's obligations under Section 9.07 hereof shall
         continue for the benefit of the retiring trustee with respect to
         expenses and liabilities incurred by it prior to such replacement.

                                       49
<PAGE>   54
SECTION 9.09.  SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE BY MERGER, ETC.

                  If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or
         transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business
         (including the administration of this Indenture) to, another
         corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be
         the successor Trustee.

SECTION 9.10.  ELIGIBILITY; DISQUALIFICATION.

                  This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the
         requirements of TIA Section 310(a)(1) and (5). The Trustee shall always
         have a combined capital and surplus as stated in Section 12.10 hereof.
         The Trustee is subject to TIA Section 310(b).

SECTION 9.11.  PREFERENTIAL COLLECTION OF CLAIMS AGAINST COMPANY.

                  The Trustee is subject to TIA Section 311(a), excluding any
         creditor relationship listed in TIA Section 311(b). A Trustee who has
         resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA Section 311(a) to the
         extent indicated therein.

                                   ARTICLE X
                             DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE

SECTION 10.01.  TERMINATION OF COMPANY'S OBLIGATIONS.

                  This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect (except
         that the Company's obligations under Sections 9.07 and 10.02 hereof
         shall survive) when all outstanding Notes theretofore authenticated and
         issued have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation and the
         Company has paid all sums payable hereunder.

SECTION 10.02.  REPAYMENT TO COMPANY.

                  The Trustee and the Paying Agent shall promptly pay to the
         Company upon request any excess money or securities held by them at any
         time.

                  The Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon
         request any money held by them for the payment of principal or interest
         that remains unclaimed for two years after the date upon which such
         payment shall have become due (subject to the requirements of any
         abandoned property laws that may be applicable); provided, however,
         that the Company shall have first caused notice of such payment to the
         Company to be mailed to each Holder entitled thereto no less than 30
         days prior to such payment. After payment to the Company, the Trustee
         and the Paying Agent shall have no further liability with respect to
         such money and Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company
         for payment as general creditors unless any applicable abandoned
         property law designates another Person.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                       AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS

SECTION 11.01.  WITHOUT CONSENT OF HOLDERS.

                                       50
<PAGE>   55
                  The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this
Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder:

                  (a) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;

                  (b) to comply with Sections 5.12 and 7.01 hereof;

                  (c) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in
         place of certificated Notes;

                  (d) to make any change that provides additional rights or
         benefits to the Holders of the Notes;

                  (e) to make any change that does not adversely affect the
         interests hereunder of any Holder; or

                  (f) to qualify the Indenture under the TIA or to comply with
         the requirements of the SEC in order to maintain the qualification of
         the Indenture under the TIA.

SECTION 11.02.  WITH CONSENT OF HOLDERS.

                  Subject to Section 8.07 hereof, the Company and the Trustee
         may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes with the written
         consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of
         the then outstanding Notes. Subject to Sections 8.04 and 8.07 hereof,
         the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then
         outstanding may also waive compliance in a particular instance by the
         Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. However,
         without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment, supplement
         or waiver under this Section 11.02 may not:

                  (a) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must
         consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

                  (b) reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of
         any Note or alter the provisions of Section 7 of the Notes in a manner
         adverse to the Holders;

                  (c) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment or
         accrual of interest on any Note;

                  (d) waive a continuing default or Event of Default in the
         payment of the principal of or interest on any Note, except a
         rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a
         majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes and a waiver of the
         payment default that resulted from such acceleration;

                  (e) make any Note payable in money other than that stated in
         the Note;

                  (f) make any change in Section 8.04 or 8.07 hereof;

                  (g) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Note;

                  (h) impair the right to convert the Notes into Common Stock;

                                       51
<PAGE>   56
                  (i) modify Article V or VI in a manner adverse to the Holders
         of Notes; and

                  (j) make any change in the foregoing amendment and waiver
         provisions of this Article XI.

                  To secure a consent of the Holders under this Section 11.02,
         it shall not be necessary for the Holders to approve the particular
         form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it shall be
         sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.

                  After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section
         11.02 becomes effective, the Company shall mail to Holders a notice
         briefly describing the amendment or waiver.

SECTION 11.03.  COMPLIANCE WITH TRUST INDENTURE ACT.

                  Every amendment to this Indenture or the Notes shall be set
         forth in a supplemental indenture that complies with the TIA as then in
         effect.

SECTION 11.04.  REVOCATION AND EFFECT OF CONSENTS.

                  Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a
         consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the
         Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that
         evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder's Note, even if
         notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such
         Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to his Note or
         portion of a Note if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation
         before the date on which the Trustee receives an Officers' Certificate
         certifying that the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Notes
         have consented to the amendment, supplement or waiver.

                  The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record
         date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to
         any amendment, supplement or waiver. If a record date is fixed, then
         notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph,
         those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly
         designated proxies), and only those Persons, shall be entitled to
         consent to such amendment, supplement or waiver or to revoke any
         consent previously given, whether or not such Persons continue to be
         Holders after such record date. No consent shall be valid or effective
         for more than 90 days after such record date unless consents from
         Holders of the principal amount of Notes required hereunder for such
         amendment or waiver to be effective shall have also been given and not
         revoked within such 90-day period.

                  After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective it
         shall bind every Holder, unless it is of the type described in any of
         clauses (a) through (j) of Section 11.02 hereof. In such case, the
         amendment or waiver shall bind each Holder who has consented to it and
         every subsequent Holder that evidences the same debt as the consenting
         Holder's Note.

SECTION 11.05.  NOTATION ON OR EXCHANGE OF NOTES.

                                       52
<PAGE>   57
                  The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an
         amendment or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Company
         in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate
         new Notes that reflect the amendment or waiver.

                  Failure to make such notation on a Note or to issue a new Note
         as aforesaid shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment
         or waiver.

SECTION 11.06.  TRUSTEE PROTECTED.

                  The Trustee shall sign all supplemental indentures, except
         that the Trustee may, but need not, sign any supplemental indenture
         that adversely affects its rights, obligations or protections. Upon
         request by the Company to sign any amendment or supplement, the Trustee
         shall be entitled to request and receive from the Company, and to rely
         upon, an Opinion of Counsel and Officer's Certificate to the effect
         that such supplement or amendment is authorized or permitted under this
         Article XI.

                                   ARTICLE XII
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 12.01.  TRUST INDENTURE ACT CONTROLS.

                  This Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that
         are required to be incorporated into this Indenture (or, prior to the
         registration of the Notes pursuant to the Registration Rights
         Agreement, would be required to be incorporated into this Indenture if
         it were qualified under the TIA), and shall, to the extent applicable,
         be governed by such provisions. If any provision of this Indenture
         limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision which is
         required (or would be so required) to be incorporated in this Indenture
         by the TIA, the incorporated provision shall control.

SECTION 12.02.  NOTICES.

                  Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to
         the other is duly given if in writing and delivered in Person or mailed
         by first class mail to the other's address stated in Section 12.10
         hereof. The Company or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate
         additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or
         communications.

                  Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be mailed by
         first class mail to his address shown on the register kept by the
         Registrar. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any
         defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other
         Holders.

                  If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided
         above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the
         addressee receives it.

                  If the Company mails a notice or communication to Holders, it
         shall mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

                  All other notices or communications shall be in writing.

                                       53
<PAGE>   58
                  In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service,
         or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impossible to mail any
         notice as required by the Indenture, then such method of notification
         as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a
         sufficient mailing of such notice.

SECTION 12.03.  COMMUNICATION BY HOLDERS WITH OTHER HOLDERS.

                  Holders may communicate pursuant to TIA Section 312(b) with
         other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the
         Notes. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall
         have the protection of TIA Section 312(c).

SECTION 12.04.  CERTIFICATE AND OPINION AS TO CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

                  Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee
         to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to
         the Trustee:

                  (a) an Officers' Certificate stating that, in the opinion of
         the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this
         Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and

                  (b) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such
         counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with.

SECTION 12.05.  STATEMENTS REQUIRED IN CERTIFICATE OR OPINION.

                  Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a
         condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than
         pursuant to Section 4.03) shall include:

                  (a) a statement that the Person signing such certificate or
         rendering such opinion has read such covenant or condition;

                  (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
         examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
         contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

                  (c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, such
         Person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to
         enable such Person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not
         such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

                  (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such
         Person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

SECTION 12.06.  RULES BY TRUSTEE AND AGENTS.

                  The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by, or a
         meeting of, Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable
         rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.

SECTION 12.07.  LEGAL HOLIDAYS.

                                       54
<PAGE>   59
                  A "LEGAL HOLIDAY" is a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which
         banking institutions in the State of New York are not required to be
         open. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment,
         payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is
         not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening
         period. If any other operative date for purposes of this Indenture
         shall occur on a Legal Holiday then for all purposes the next
         succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday shall be such operative
         date.

SECTION 12.08.  NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS.

                  A director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of
         the Company, as such, shall not have any liability for any Obligations
         of the Company under the Notes or this Indenture or for any claim based
         on, in respect of or by reason of such Obligations or their creation.
         Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.
         The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of
         the Notes.

SECTION 12.09.  COUNTERPARTS AND FACSIMILE SIGNATURES.

                  This Indenture may be executed by manual or facsimile
         signature in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in
         separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed
         to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one
         and the same agreement.

SECTION 12.10.  VARIABLE PROVISIONS.

                  The first certificate pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof shall be
         for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2001.

                  The reporting date for Section 9.06 hereof is September 15, of
         each year. The first reporting date is September 15, 2000.

                  The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus
         of at least $100,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published
         annual report of condition.

                  The Company's address is:

                  Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                  500 Technology Square
                  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
                  Attention:  General Counsel

         The Trustee's address is:

                  if by mail:
                  State Street Bank and Trust Company
                  P. O. Box 778
                  Boston, Massachusetts 02102-0778
                  Attention:  Corporate Trust Administration

                                       55
<PAGE>   60
                  if by delivery or overnight courier:
                  State Street Bank and Trust Company
                  Two Avenue de Lafayette
                  Boston, Massachusetts  02110-1724
                  Attention:  Corporate Trust Administration

SECTION 12.11.  GOVERNING LAW, SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.


                  THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THIS
         INDENTURE AND THE NOTES, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS
         PROVISIONS THEREOF.

                  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company
         irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any federal or
         state court in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York,
         United States of America, in any suit or proceeding based on or arising
         under this Indenture and the Notes and irrevocably agrees that all
         claims in respect of such suit or proceeding may be determined in any
         such court. The Company irrevocably and fully waives the defense of an
         inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit or proceeding. The
         Company hereby irrevocably designates and appoints CT Corporation
         System as the authorized agent of the Company upon whom process may be
         served in any such suit or proceeding (the "PROCESS AGENT"), it being
         understood that the designation and appointment of the Process Agent as
         such authorized agent shall become effective immediately without any
         further action on the part of the Company. The Company represents to
         the Trustee that it has notified the Process Agent of such designation
         and appointment and that the Process Agent has accepted the same. The
         Company hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Process Agent to
         accept such service. The Company further agrees that service of process
         upon the Process Agent shall be deemed in every respect effective
         service of process upon the Company in any such suit or proceeding.
         Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Trustee or any Holder to
         serve process in any other manner permitted by law. In the event that
         CT Corporation System ceases to be the Process Agent, the Company
         agrees that it will take any and all action, including the execution
         and filing of any and all such documents and instruments as may be
         necessary to validly designate and appoint an alternate agent as
         Process Agent, and to maintain such designation and appointment in full
         force and effect so long as the Company has any outstanding obligations
         under this Indenture or the Notes, on terms that are reasonably
         acceptable to the Trustee. To the extent that the Company has or
         hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or
         from any legal process (whether through service of notice, attachment
         prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or
         otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, the Company hereby
         irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations
         hereunder and thereunder, to the extent permitted by law.

SECTION 12.12.  NO ADVERSE INTERPRETATION OF OTHER AGREEMENTS.

                  This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture,
         loan or debt agreement of the Company or an Affiliate. Any such
         indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this
         Indenture.

                                       56
<PAGE>   61
SECTION 12.13.  SUCCESSORS.

                  All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes
         shall bind its successor. All agreements of the Trustee in this
         Indenture shall bind its successor.

SECTION 12.14.  SEVERABILITY.

                  In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall
         be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
         enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be
         affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 12.15.  TABLE OF CONTENTS, HEADINGS, ETC.

                  The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table, and headings of
         the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for
         convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof,
         and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
         hereof.

                                       57
<PAGE>   62
                                   SIGNATURES

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
         Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first written above.

                                 AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. as Company
                                 By:


                                 -----------------------------------------------
                                 Name:
                                 Title:


                                 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY,
                                 as Trustee

                                 By:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                 Name:
                                 Title:


                                       58
<PAGE>   63
                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

[GLOBAL NOTES LEGEND]

                  UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
         REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
         ("DTC"), NEW YORK, NEW YORK, TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR
         REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE
         ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS
         REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS
         MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC) ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE
         HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH
         AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

                  TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN
         WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR
         SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE
         SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS
         SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

[RESTRICTED NOTES LEGEND]

         THIS SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
         U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND,
         ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
         WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
         PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE NEXT SENTENCE HEREOF. BY ITS
         ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER:

         (1)      REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER"
                  (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (A "QIB")
                  OR (B) IT HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN
                  COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C)
                  IT IS AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1),
                  (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT);

         (2)      AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS
                  SECURITY EXCEPT (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES,
                  (B)

                                       A-1
<PAGE>   64
                  TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB
                  PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB IN
                  A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (C) IN AN
                  OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 904 OF
                  THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED
                  INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER
                  THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES
                  THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
                  AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (THE
                  FORM OF WHICH CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF THE
                  COMPANY SO REQUESTS, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE
                  COMPANY THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
                  SECURITIES ACT, (F) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM
                  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED
                  ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY) OR (G) IN
                  A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144 UNDER THE
                  SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
                  STATEMENT AND IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE
                  SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER
                  APPLICABLE JURISDICTION AND

         (3)      AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE
                  OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO
                  THE EFFECT OF THE LEGEND.

         AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" AND "UNITED STATES"
         HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY RULE 902 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE
         SECURITIES ACT. THE INDENTURE CONTAINS A PROVISION REQUIRING THE
         TRUSTEE TO REFUSE TO REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IN VIOLATION OF
         THE FOREGOING.

                                      A-2
<PAGE>   65
                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                 5 -1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                              RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE

No. R-1                                                        CUSIP No. _______

                                                               $________________

         Akamai Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called
the "Company", which term includes any successors under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede &
Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________________ dollars
($___________), on ______________, 2007.

         Interest Payment Dates: July 1 and January 1: commencing January 1,
2001.

         Record Dates:  June 15 and December 15.

         Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note hereinafter
set forth, which will, for all purposes, have the same effect as if set forth at
this place.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Instrument to be duly
executed under its corporate seal.

                                               AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
                                               a Delaware corporation

[Seal]

                                               By:  ____________________________
                                                    Name:
                                                    Title:

Attest: ____________
           Secretary

                                      A-3
<PAGE>   66
                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                        State Street Bank and Trust Company,
                                        as Trustee

                                        By: ____________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Authorized Signatory

Dated:  ___________________

                                      A-4
<PAGE>   67
                 5 -1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                              RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE

         1. INTEREST. AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), is the issuer of 5 -1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007
(the "Notes"). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5 -1/2% per annum.
The Company promises to pay interest on the Notes in cash semiannually on each
July 1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2001, to Holders of record on the
immediately preceding June 15 and December 15, respectively. Interest on the
Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or
if no interest has been paid, from June 20, 2000. Interest will be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The Company will pay
interest on overdue principal at the interest rate borne by the Notes,
compounded semiannually, and, to the extent permitted by law, it shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable
grace period) at the same interest rate compounded semiannually.

         2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The holder of this Note (and the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion hereof) is entitled to the benefits of a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, among the Company and the Initial
Purchasers (the "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement the Company has agreed for the benefit of the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities, that (i) it will, at its cost, within 90 days
after the closing of the sale of the Notes (the "CLOSING"), file a shelf
registration statement (the "SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT") with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION") with respect to resales of the Notes
and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, (ii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be
declared effective within 180 days after the Closing, and (iii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions specified in
the Registration Rights Agreement, until the second anniversary of the date of
the Closing. If (a) the Company fails to file the Shelf Registration Statement
required by the Registration Rights Agreement on or before the date specified
above for such filing, (b) such Shelf Registration Statement is not declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to the date specified above for such
effectiveness, or (c) the Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective but
thereafter ceases to be effective or useable in connection with resales of
Transfer Restricted Securities during the periods specified in the Registration
Rights Agreement without being succeeded immediately by a post-effective
amendment to such Shelf Registration Statement that cures such failure and is
itself declared effective immediately (each such event referred to in clauses
(a) through (c) above a "REGISTRATION DEFAULT"), then the Company will pay
special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities as described
below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company will be permitted to suspend use of the prospectus that
is part of the Shelf Registration Statement during certain periods of time and
in certain circumstances relating to pending corporate developments and public
filings with the SEC and similar events, and such a suspension shall not be
deemed a Registration Default provided it does not last in excess of 60 days in
the aggregate during any 12-month period. With respect to the first 90-day
period immediately following the occurrence of a Registration Default, the
Company shall pay special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted
Securities in an amount equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the
Notes of 0.25%

                                      A-5
<PAGE>   68
("SPECIAL INTEREST") and with respect to each subsequent 90-day period,
additional amounts equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes
of 0.25% until all Registration Defaults have been cured, up to a maximum
increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes equal to 1.0%. In the event
that this Note, or any portion thereof, shall have been converted into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 12 hereof, the amount payable under this
Section 2 per share of Common Stock so converted shall be determined by dividing
(x) the amount that would have been payable hereunder on the aggregate principal
amount so converted by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon such
conversion. All accrued Special Interest shall be paid by the Company on each
Interest Payment Date for which Special Interest is owed to the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities by wire transfer of immediately available funds
or by federal funds check. Following the cure of all Registration Defaults, the
application of Special Interest will cease. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 2
SHALL SURVIVE ANY CONVERSION OF THE NOTES INTO SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 HEREOF, AND MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK ISSUED
UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE.

         3. PAYMENTS. All payments made by the Company on this Note shall be
made without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all present
or future taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges of whatever nature
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or
government charges is then required by law.

         4. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes
(except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes
at the close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date
even though Notes are canceled after the record date and on or before the
interest payment date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect
principal and premium payments. The Company will pay principal, premium, if any,
interest, and Special Interest, if any, in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
However, the Company may pay principal, premium, if any, interest and Special
Interest, if any, by check payable in such money. It may mail an interest or
Special Interest check to a Holder's registered address. Upon the request of a
Holder who holds an aggregate principal amount of at least $5.0 million,
principal, premium, if any, interest, and Special Interest, if any, shall be
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account previously
specified in writing by such Holder to the Company and the Trustee.

         5. PAYING AGENT, CONVERSION AGENT AND REGISTRAR. The Trustee will act
as Paying Agent, Conversion Agent and Registrar and will maintain an office or
agency in the City of New York, New York at which the notes may be presented for
payment, transfer or exchange. The Company may change any Paying Agent,
Conversion Agent or Registrar without prior notice. The Company or any of its
Affiliates may act in any such capacity.

         6. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as
of June 20, 2000 (the "INDENTURE"), between the Company and State Street Bank
and Trust Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in
the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Notes include
those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "TIA") as in
effect on the date of the Indenture. The Notes are subject to, and qualified by,
all such terms, certain of which are summarized hereon, and Holders are referred
to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms. The Notes are
unsecured general obligations of the Company limited to

                                      A-6
<PAGE>   69
$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount and subordinated in right of payment
to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company.

         7. REDEMPTION. At any time on or after July 3, 2003 the Company may
redeem any portion of the Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor
more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of
principal amount thereof), together with accrued and unpaid interest and Special
Interest thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. If redeemed
during the period beginning July 3, 2003 and ending on June 30, 2004, the
redemption price shall be 103.143%, and if redeemed during the 12-month period
commencing on July 1 of each of the following years, up to the maturity date the
redemption price shall be the corresponding percentage of principal set forth
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Period                                                              Redemption Price
         ------                                                              ----------------
<S>                                                                          <C>
         July 1, 2004 - June 30, 2005 .........................................  102.357%
         July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006 .........................................  101.571%
         July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007 .........................................  100.786%
         July 1, 2007 .........................................................  100.000%
</TABLE>

         In the event the Company redeems less than all of the outstanding
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee in accordance
with Section 3.02 of the Indenture. In the event a portion of an outstanding
Note is selected for redemption and such Note is converted in part after such
selection, the converted portion of such Note shall be deemed (so far as may be)
to be the portion to be selected for redemption in accordance with Section 3.02
of the Indenture. The Company may not give notice of any redemption if the
Company has defaulted in payment of interest and the default is continuing.

         8. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION. Notice of redemption will be mailed at least
30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of
the Notes to be redeemed at his address of record. The Notes in denominations
larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in integral multiples of
$1,000. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Notes, the Notes
will be chosen for redemption by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture.
On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on the Notes or
portions of them called for redemption.

         If this Note is redeemed subsequent to a record date with respect to
any interest payment date specified above and on or prior to such interest
payment date, then any accrued interest will be paid to the Person in whose name
this Note is registered at the close of business on such record date.

         9. MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company will not be required to make
mandatory redemption or repurchase payments with respect to the Notes. There are
no sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

         10. REPURCHASE AT OPTION OF HOLDER. If there is a Fundamental Change,
the Company shall be required to offer to purchase on the Purchase Date all
outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest, if any,
to the Purchase Date. Holders of Notes that are subject to an offer to purchase
will receive a Fundamental Change Offer from the Company in accordance with

                                      A-7
<PAGE>   70
Section 3.09 of the Indenture and may elect to have such Notes or portions
thereof in authorized denominations purchased by completing the form entitled
"Option of Holder to Elect Purchase" appearing below.

         11. SUBORDINATION. The payment of the principal of, interest on,
Special Interest or any other amounts due on the Notes is subordinated in right
of payment to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company, as described
in the Indenture. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, agrees to such subordination
and authorizes and directs the Trustee on its behalf to take such action as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination so provided and
appoints the Trustee as its attorney-in-fact for such purpose.

         12. CONVERSION. The holder of any Note has the right, exercisable at
any time following the Issuance Date and prior to the close of business (New
York time) on the date of the Note's maturity, to convert the principal amount
thereof (or any portion thereof that is an integral multiple of $1,000) into
shares of Common Stock at the initial Conversion Price of $115.47 per share,
subject to adjustment under certain circumstances as set forth in the Indenture,
except that if a Note is called for redemption, the conversion right will
terminate at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the
date fixed for redemption.

         To convert a Note, a holder must (1) complete and sign a conversion
notice substantially in the form set forth below, (2) surrender the Note to a
Conversion Agent, (3) furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents if
required by the Registrar or Conversion Agent and (4) pay any transfer or
similar tax, if required. No payment or adjustment will be made for accrued and
unpaid interest on a converted Note, but if any holder surrenders a Note for
conversion after the close of business on the record date for the payment of an
installment of interest and prior to the opening of business on the next
interest payment date, then, notwithstanding such conversion, the interest
payable on such interest payment date shall be paid to the holder of such Note
on such record date. Any Notes that are, however, delivered to the Company for
conversion after any record date but before the next interest payment date must,
except as described in the next sentence, be accompanied by a payment equal to
the interest payable on such interest payment date on the principal amount of
such Notes being converted. Payments to the Company described in the preceding
sentence shall not be required if, during that period between a record date and
the next interest payment date, a conversion occurs on or after the date that
the Company has issued a redemption notice and prior to the date of redemption
stated in such notice. If any Notes are converted after an interest payment date
but on or before the next record date, no interest will be paid on those Notes.
The number of shares issuable upon conversion of a Note is determined by
dividing the principal amount of the Note converted by the Conversion Price in
effect on the Conversion Date. No fractional shares will be issued upon
conversion but a cash adjustment will be made for any fractional interest.

         A note in respect of which a holder has delivered an "Option of Holder
to Elect Purchase" form appearing below exercising the option of such holder to
require the Company to purchase such Note may be converted only if the notice of
exercise is withdrawn as provided above and in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture. The above description of conversion of the Notes is qualified by
reference to, and is subject in its entirety by, the more complete description
thereof contained in the Indenture.

                                      A-8
<PAGE>   71
         13. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The notes are in registered
form, without coupons, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged, as
provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other
things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay
any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar
need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note
selected for redemption (except the unredeemed portion of any Note being
redeemed in part). Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any
Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed.

         14. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be
treated as its owner for all purposes.

         15. UNCLAIMED MONEY. If money for the payment of principal or interest
remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay the
money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders of Notes
entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment unless an abandoned
property law designates another Person and all liability of the Trustee and such
Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease.

         16. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes shall have the Events of Default
set forth in Section 8.01 of the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations in
the Indenture, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by
notice to the Company or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee
may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, except that in the
case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization, all unpaid principal and interest accrued on the
Notes shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by
written notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences
if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all
existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of
principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration.
Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the
Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes issued under the Indenture may direct the
Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Company must furnish annually
compliance certificates to the Trustee. The above description of Events of
Default and remedies is qualified by reference, and subject in its entirety, to
the more complete description thereof contained in the Indenture.

         17. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS. Subject to certain exceptions,
the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange
offer for Notes), and any existing default may be waived with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. Without
the consent of any Holder, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended, among
other reasons, to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for
uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to
provide for assumption of the Company's obligations to Holders, to make any
change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder or to qualify the
Indenture under the TIA or to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order
to maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA.

                                      A-9
<PAGE>   72
         18. TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH THE COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate with the same rights it would
have, as if it were not Trustee, subject to certain limitations provided for in
the Indenture and in the TIA. Any Agent may do the same with like rights.

         19. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. A director, officer, employee,
incorporator or shareholder of the Company, as such, shall not have any
liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or
for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their
creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Notes.

         20. GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL
GOVERN THE INDENTURE AND THE NOTES WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.

         21. AUTHENTICATION. The Notes shall not be valid until authenticated by
the manual signature of an authorized officer of the Trustee or an
authenticating agent.

         22. ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a
Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship
and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and UGMA (= Uniform Gifts to
Minors Act).

         The Company will furnish to any Holder of the Notes upon written
request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Request may be made to:

                  Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                  500 Technology Square
                  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                                      A-10
<PAGE>   73
                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                  TO ASSIGN THIS NOTE, FILL IN THE FORM BELOW:

         I. ASSIGNMENT

I, or we, assign this Note to:
________________________________________________________________________________

             (Print or type name, address and zip code of assignee)
________________________________________________________________________________

     (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)
________________________________________________________________________________

and irrevocably appoint _______________ agent to transfer this Note on the books
of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.



Dated:_______________________    Signed:________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)

                                 Print Name:____________________________________

                                 Signature Guarantee:*__________________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.


         II. TRANSFEROR REPRESENTATIONS

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this
certificate occurring prior to the date that is two years after the later of the
date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such
Notes were owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the company, the undersigned
confirms that such Notes are being transferred:

                                      A-11
<PAGE>   74
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) [ ]  to the Company or any subsidiary thereof (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(2) [ ]  to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A (attach
         Rule 144A Transfer Certificate),

(3) [ ]  outside the United States in compliance with Rule 904 under the
         Securities Act (attach Regulation S Transfer Certificate),

(4) [ ]  pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under
         the Securities Act (if available) (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(5) [ ]  to an institutional "accredited investor" (as defined in rule
         501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act (attach Accredited
         Investor Letter),

(6) [ ]  in accordance with another exemption from the registration requirements
         of the Securities Act (attach legal opinion), or

(7) [ ]  pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
         Act.

CHECK IF APPLICABLE

[ ] (A)  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is, or at some time
         during which it held this Security was, an Affiliate of the Company.

    (B)  If (A) above is checked and if the undersigned was not an Affiliate of
         the Company at all times during which it held this Note, indicate the
         periods during which the undersigned was an Affiliate of the Company:

    (C)  If (A) above is checked and if the Transferee will not pay the full
         purchase price for the transfer of this Note on or prior to the date of
         transfer, indicate when such purchase price will be paid:

                                      A-12
<PAGE>   75
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY AGREES THAT, UNLESS THE BOX ABOVE UNDER ITEM (A) IS
CHECKED, THE UNDERSIGNED SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED THAT IT IS NOT NOR
HAS IT BEEN AT ANY TIME DURING WHICH IT HELD THIS NOTE AN AFFILIATE, AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE COMPANY.

                                        ________________________________________
                                                     (Signature)


                                        Signature Guarantee*____________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

III.     TRANSFEREE REPRESENTATIONS

         TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE IS CHECKED.


                  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing
         this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it
         exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account
         is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A
         under the Securities Act of 1933, and is aware that the sale to it is
         being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has
         received such information regarding the company as the undersigned has
         requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
         information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon
         the undersigned's foregoing representations in order to claim the
         exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer

                                      A-13
<PAGE>   76
              TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED

         The undersigned represents and warrants that it is not a "U.S. Person"
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer

                                      A-14
<PAGE>   77
                       OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, check the box: [ ]

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, state the amount you
want to be purchased (in denominations of $1,000 or any integral multiple
thereof):

                                $_______________


Dated: _______________________  Signed: ________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)


                                Signature Guarantee:*___________________________


*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

                               ELECTION TO CONVERT

To:      Akamai Technologies, Inc.


                  The undersigned owner of this Note hereby irrevocably exercise
         the option to convert this Note, or the portion below designated, into
         Common Stock of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in accordance with the terms
         of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directors that the
         shares issuable and deliverable upon conversion, together with any
         check in payment for fractional shares, be issued in the name of and
         delivered to the undersigned, unless a different name has been
         indicated in the assignment below. If the shares are to be issued in
         the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will
         pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto.

         Any holder of Notes, upon the exercise of its conversion rights in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Note, agrees to be
         bound by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement relating to the
         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Date:

                  In Whole [ ]              In Part [ ]     as follows:

                                            Portions of Note to be converted
                                            ($1,000 or integral multiples
                                            thereof): $____________

                                      A-15
<PAGE>   78
_______________________________
Signature

Please print or Typewrite Name and Address, Including Zip code, and Social
Security or Other Identifying Number:

________________________________

________________________________

________________________________


Signature Guarantee:*___________



*        Signature must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or
         member firm of the New York Stock Exchange

                                      A-16
<PAGE>   79
                                                                      SCHEDULE A

                          SCHEDULE OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT

The initial principal amount of this Global Note shall be $     . The following
increases or decreases in the principal amount of this Global Note have been
made:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Amount of decrease                                                                            Signature of authorized
   in principal       Amount of increase                             Signature of authorized          officer
  amount of this     in principal amount    Principal amount of       officer of Trustee or        of Trustee or
    Global Note      of this Global Note    this Global Note           Notes Custodian          Securities Custodian
- ------------------   -------------------    -------------------      -----------------------  -----------------------
<S>                  <C>                    <C>                      <C>                      <C>
</TABLE>

                                      A-17
<PAGE>   80
                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                 5 -1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                            REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE

No. S-1                                                       CUSIP No._________

                                                              $_________________

         Akamai Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called
the "Company", which term includes any successors under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede &
Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________________ dollars
($___________), on ______________, 2007.

         Interest Payment Dates: July 1 and January 1: commencing January 1,
2001.

         Record Dates:  June 15 and December 15.

         Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note hereinafter
set forth, which will, for all purposes, have the same effect as if set forth at
this place.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Instrument to be duly
executed under its corporate seal.

                                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
                                            a Delaware corporation

[Seal]

                                            By: ________________________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

Attest: ____________
        Secretary

                                      A-18
<PAGE>   81
                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                           State Street Bank and Trust Company,
                                           as Trustee

                                           By:__________________________________
                                              Name:
                                              Authorized Signatory

Dated:___________________

                                      A-19
<PAGE>   82
                 5 -1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                            REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE

         1. INTEREST. AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), is the issuer of 5 -1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007
(the "Notes"). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5 -1/2% per annum.
The Company promises to pay interest on the Notes in cash semiannually on each
July 1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2001, to Holders of record on the
immediately preceding June 15 and December 15, respectively. Interest on the
Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or
if no interest has been paid, from June 20, 2000. Interest will be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The Company will pay
interest on overdue principal at the interest rate borne by the Notes,
compounded semiannually, and, to the extent permitted by law, it shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable
grace period) at the same interest rate compounded semiannually.

         2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The holder of this Note (and the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion hereof) is entitled to the benefits of a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, among the Company and the Initial
Purchasers (the "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement the Company has agreed for the benefit of the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities, that (i) it will, at its cost, within 90 days
after the closing of the sale of the Notes (the "CLOSING"), file a shelf
registration statement (the "SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT") with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION") with respect to resales of the Notes
and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, (ii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be
declared effective within 180 days after the Closing, and (iii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions specified in
the Registration Rights Agreement, until the second anniversary of the date of
the Closing. If (a) the Company fails to file the Shelf Registration Statement
required by the Registration Rights Agreement on or before the date specified
above for such filing, (b) such Shelf Registration Statement is not declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to the date specified above for such
effectiveness, or (c) the Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective but
thereafter ceases to be effective or useable in connection with resales of
Transfer Restricted Securities during the periods specified in the Registration
Rights Agreement without being succeeded immediately by a post-effective
amendment to such Shelf Registration Statement that cures such failure and is
itself declared effective immediately (each such event referred to in clauses
(a) through (c) above a "REGISTRATION DEFAULT"), then the Company will pay
special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities as described
below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company will be permitted to suspend use of the prospectus that
is part of the Shelf Registration Statement during certain periods of time and
in certain circumstances relating to pending corporate developments and public
filings with the SEC and similar events, and such a suspension shall not be
deemed a Registration Default provided it does not last in excess of 60 days in
the aggregate during any 12-month period. With respect to the first 90-day
period immediately following the occurrence of a Registration Default, the
Company shall pay special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted
Securities in an amount equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the
Notes of 0.25%

                                      A-20
<PAGE>   83
("SPECIAL INTEREST") and with respect to each subsequent 90-day period,
additional amounts equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes
of 0.25% until all Registration Defaults have been cured, up to a maximum
increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes equal to 1.0%. In the event
that this Note, or any portion thereof, shall have been converted into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 12 hereof, the amount payable under this
Section 2 per share of Common Stock so converted shall be determined by dividing
(x) the amount that would have been payable hereunder on the aggregate principal
amount so converted by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon such
conversion. All accrued Special Interest shall be paid by the Company on each
Interest Payment Date for which Special Interest is owed to the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities by wire transfer of immediately available funds
or by federal funds check. Following the cure of all Registration Defaults, the
application of Special Interest will cease. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 2
SHALL SURVIVE ANY CONVERSION OF THE NOTES INTO SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 HEREOF, AND MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK ISSUED
UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE.

         3. PAYMENTS. All payments made by the Company on this Note shall be
made without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all present
or future taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges of whatever nature
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or
government charges is then required by law.

         4. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes
(except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes
at the close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date
even though Notes are canceled after the record date and on or before the
interest payment date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect
principal and premium payments. The Company will pay principal, premium, if any,
interest, and Special Interest, if any, in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
However, the Company may pay principal, premium, if any, interest and Special
Interest, if any, by check payable in such money. It may mail an interest or
Special Interest check to a Holder's registered address. Upon the request of a
Holder who holds an aggregate principal amount of at least $5.0 million,
principal, premium, if any, interest, and Special Interest, if any, shall be
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account previously
specified in writing by such Holder to the Company and the Trustee.

         5. PAYING AGENT, CONVERSION AGENT AND REGISTRAR. The Trustee will act
as Paying Agent, Conversion Agent and Registrar and will maintain an office or
agency in the City of New York, New York at which the notes may be presented for
payment, transfer or exchange. The Company may change any Paying Agent,
Conversion Agent or Registrar without prior notice. The Company or any of its
Affiliates may act in any such capacity.

         6. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as
of June 20, 2000 (the "INDENTURE"), between the Company and State Street Bank
and Trust Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in
the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Notes include
those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "TIA") as in
effect on the date of the Indenture. The Notes are subject to, and qualified by,
all such terms, certain of which are summarized hereon, and Holders are referred
to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms. The Notes are
unsecured general obligations of the Company limited to

                                      A-21
<PAGE>   84
$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount and subordinated in right of payment
to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company.

7. REDEMPTION. At any time on or after July 3, 2003 the Company may redeem any
portion of the Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than
60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal
amount thereof), together with accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest
thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. If redeemed during
the period beginning July 3, 2003 and ending on June 30, 2004, the redemption
price shall be 103.143%, and if redeemed during the 12-month period commencing
on July 1 of each of the following years, up to the maturity date the redemption
price shall be the corresponding percentage of principal set forth below:

<TABLE>
         Period                                                                 Redemption Price
         ------                                                                 ----------------
<S>                                                                                <C>
         July 1, 2004 - June 30, 2005. ..........................................  102.357%
         July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006. ..........................................  101.571%
         July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007. ..........................................  100.786%
         July 1, 2007 . .........................................................  100.000%
</TABLE>

         In the event the Company redeems less than all of the outstanding
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee in accordance
with Section 3.02 of the Indenture. In the event a portion of an outstanding
Note is selected for redemption and such Note is converted in part after such
selection, the converted portion of such Note shall be deemed (so far as may be)
to be the portion to be selected for redemption in accordance with Section 3.02
of the Indenture. The Company may not give notice of any redemption if the
Company has defaulted in payment of interest and the default is continuing.

         8. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION. Notice of redemption will be mailed at least
30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of
the Notes to be redeemed at his address of record. The Notes in denominations
larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in integral multiples of
$1,000. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Notes, the Notes
will be chosen for redemption by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture.
On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on the Notes or
portions of them called for redemption.

         If this Note is redeemed subsequent to a record date with respect to
any interest payment date specified above and on or prior to such interest
payment date, then any accrued interest will be paid to the Person in whose name
this Note is registered at the close of business on such record date.

         9. MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company will not be required to make
mandatory redemption or repurchase payments with respect to the Notes. There are
no sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

         10. REPURCHASE AT OPTION OF HOLDER. If there is a Fundamental Change,
the Company shall be required to offer to purchase on the Purchase Date all
outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest, if any,
to the Purchase Date. Holders of Notes that are subject to an offer to purchase
will receive a Fundamental Change Offer from the Company in accordance with

                                      A-22
<PAGE>   85
Section 3.09 of the Indenture and may elect to have such Notes or portions
thereof in authorized denominations purchased by completing the form entitled
"Option of Holder to Elect Purchase" appearing below.

         11. SUBORDINATION. The payment of the principal of, interest on,
Special Interest or any other amounts due on the Notes is subordinated in right
of payment to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company, as described
in the Indenture. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, agrees to such subordination
and authorizes and directs the Trustee on its behalf to take such action as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination so provided and
appoints the Trustee as its attorney-in-fact for such purpose.

         12. CONVERSION. The holder of any Note has the right, exercisable at
any time following the Issuance Date and prior to the close of business (New
York time) on the date of the Note's maturity, to convert the principal amount
thereof (or any portion thereof that is an integral multiple of $1,000) into
shares of Common Stock at the initial Conversion Price of $115.47 per share,
subject to adjustment under certain circumstances as set forth in the Indenture,
except that if a Note is called for redemption, the conversion right will
terminate at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the
date fixed for redemption.

         To convert a Note, a holder must (1) complete and sign a conversion
notice substantially in the form set forth below, (2) surrender the Note to a
Conversion Agent, (3) furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents if
required by the Registrar or Conversion Agent and (4) pay any transfer or
similar tax, if required. No payment or adjustment will be made for accrued and
unpaid interest on a converted Note, but if any holder surrenders a Note for
conversion after the close of business on the record date for the payment of an
installment of interest and prior to the opening of business on the next
interest payment date, then, notwithstanding such conversion, the interest
payable on such interest payment date shall be paid to the holder of such Note
on such record date. Any Notes that are, however, delivered to the Company for
conversion after any record date but before the next interest payment date must,
except as described in the next sentence, be accompanied by a payment equal to
the interest payable on such interest payment date on the principal amount of
such Notes being converted. Payments to the Company described in the preceding
sentence shall not be required if, during that period between a record date and
the next interest payment date, a conversion occurs on or after the date that
the Company has issued a redemption notice and prior to the date of redemption
stated in such notice. If any Notes are converted after an interest payment date
but on or before the next record date, no interest will be paid on those Notes.
The number of shares issuable upon conversion of a Note is determined by
dividing the principal amount of the Note converted by the Conversion Price in
effect on the Conversion Date. No fractional shares will be issued upon
conversion but a cash adjustment will be made for any fractional interest.

         A note in respect of which a holder has delivered an "Option of Holder
to Elect Purchase" form appearing below exercising the option of such holder to
require the Company to purchase such Note may be converted only if the notice of
exercise is withdrawn as provided above and in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture. The above description of conversion of the Notes is qualified by
reference to, and is subject in its entirety by, the more complete description
thereof contained in the Indenture.

                                      A-23
<PAGE>   86
         13. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The notes are in registered
form, without coupons, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged, as
provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other
things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay
any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar
need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note
selected for redemption (except the unredeemed portion of any Note being
redeemed in part). Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any
Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed.

         14. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be
treated as its owner for all purposes.

         15. UNCLAIMED MONEY. If money for the payment of principal or interest
remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay the
money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders of Notes
entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment unless an abandoned
property law designates another Person and all liability of the Trustee and such
Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease.

         16. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes shall have the Events of Default
set forth in Section 8.01 of the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations in
the Indenture, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by
notice to the Company or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee
may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, except that in the
case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization, all unpaid principal and interest accrued on the
Notes shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by
written notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences
if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all
existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of
principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration.
Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the
Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes issued under the Indenture may direct the
Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Company must furnish annually
compliance certificates to the Trustee. The above description of Events of
Default and remedies is qualified by reference, and subject in its entirety, to
the more complete description thereof contained in the Indenture.

         17. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS. Subject to certain exceptions,
the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange
offer for Notes), and any existing default may be waived with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. Without
the consent of any Holder, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended, among
other reasons, to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for
uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to
provide for assumption of the Company's obligations to Holders, to make any
change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder or to qualify the
Indenture under the TIA or to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order
to maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA.

                                      A-24
<PAGE>   87
         18. TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH THE COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate with the same rights it would
have, as if it were not Trustee, subject to certain limitations provided for in
the Indenture and in the TIA. Any Agent may do the same with like rights.

         19. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. A director, officer, employee,
incorporator or shareholder of the Company, as such, shall not have any
liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or
for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their
creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Notes.

         20. GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL
GOVERN THE INDENTURE AND THE NOTES WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.

         21. AUTHENTICATION. The Notes shall not be valid until authenticated by
the manual signature of an authorized officer of the Trustee or an
authenticating agent.

         22. ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a
Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship
and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and UGMA (= Uniform Gifts to
Minors Act).

                  The Company will furnish to any Holder of the Notes upon
written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Request may be made
to:

                  Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                  500 Technology Square
                  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                                      A-25
<PAGE>   88
                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                  TO ASSIGN THIS NOTE, FILL IN THE FORM BELOW:

         I. ASSIGNMENT

I, or we, assign this Note to:

________________________________________________________________________________
             (Print or type name, address and zip code of assignee)


________________________________________________________________________________
     (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

________________________________________________________________________________

and irrevocably appoint _______________ agent to transfer this Note on the books
of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.



Dated:_______________________    Signed:________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)

                                 Print Name:____________________________________

                                 Signature Guarantee:*__________________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.


         II. TRANSFEROR REPRESENTATIONS

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this
certificate occurring prior to the date that is two years after the later of the
date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such
Notes were owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the company, the undersigned
confirms that such Notes are being transferred:

                                      A-26
<PAGE>   89
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) [ ]  to the Company or any subsidiary thereof (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(2) [ ]  to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A (attach
         Rule 144A Transfer Certificate),

(3) [ ]  outside the United States in compliance with Rule 904 under the
         Securities Act (attach Regulation S Transfer Certificate),

(4) [ ]  pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under
         the Securities Act (if available) (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(5) [ ]  to an institutional "accredited investor" (as defined in rule
         501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act (attach Accredited
         Investor Letter),

(6) [ ]  in accordance with another exemption from the registration requirements
         of the Securities Act (attach legal opinion), or

(7) [ ]  pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
         Act.

CHECK IF APPLICABLE

[ ] (A)  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is, or at some time
         during which it held this Security was, an Affiliate of the Company.

    (B)  If (A) above is checked and if the undersigned was not an Affiliate of
         the Company at all times during which it held this Note, indicate the
         periods during which the undersigned was an Affiliate of the Company:

    (C)  If (A) above is checked and if the Transferee will not pay the full
         purchase price for the transfer of this Note on or prior to the date of
         transfer, indicate when such purchase price will be paid:



                                      A-27
<PAGE>   90
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY AGREES THAT, UNLESS THE BOX ABOVE UNDER ITEM (A) IS
CHECKED, THE UNDERSIGNED SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED THAT IT IS NOT NOR
HAS IT BEEN AT ANY TIME DURING WHICH IT HELD THIS NOTE AN AFFILIATE, AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE COMPANY.

                                        ________________________________________
                                                     (Signature)


                                        Signature Guarantee*____________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

III.     TRANSFEREE REPRESENTATIONS

         TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE IS CHECKED.


                  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing
         this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it
         exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account
         is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A
         under the Securities Act of 1933, and is aware that the sale to it is
         being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has
         received such information regarding the company as the undersigned has
         requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
         information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon
         the undersigned's foregoing representations in order to claim the
         exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer



                                      A-28
<PAGE>   91
              TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED

         The undersigned represents and warrants that it is not a "U.S. Person"
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer



                                      A-29
<PAGE>   92
                       OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, check the box: [ ]

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, state the amount you
want to be purchased (in denominations of $1,000 or any integral multiple
thereof):

                                $_______________


Dated: _______________________  Signed: ________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)


                                Signature Guarantee:*___________________________


*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

                                      A-30
<PAGE>   93
                               ELECTION TO CONVERT

To:      Akamai Technologies, Inc.


                  The undersigned owner of this Note hereby irrevocably exercise
         the option to convert this Note, or the portion below designated, into
         Common Stock of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in accordance with the terms
         of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directors that the
         shares issuable and deliverable upon conversion, together with any
         check in payment for fractional shares, be issued in the name of and
         delivered to the undersigned, unless a different name has been
         indicated in the assignment below. If the shares are to be issued in
         the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will
         pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto.

         Any holder of Notes, upon the exercise of its conversion rights in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Note, agrees to be
         bound by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement relating to the
         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Date:

                  In Whole [ ]              In Part [ ]     as follows:

                                            Portions of Note to be converted
                                            ($1,000 or integral multiples
                                            thereof): $____________

_______________________________
Signature

Please print or Typewrite Name and Address, Including Zip code, and Social
Security or Other Identifying Number:

________________________________

________________________________

________________________________


Signature Guarantee:*___________



*        Signature must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or
         member firm of the New York Stock Exchange

                                      A-31
<PAGE>   94
                                                                      SCHEDULE A

                          SCHEDULE OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT

The initial principal amount of this Global Note shall be $         . The
following increases or decreases in the principal amount of this Global Note
have been made:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Amount of decrease                                                                                    Signature of authorized
   in principal       Amount of increase                                   Signature of authorized            officer
  amount of this     in principal amount           Principal amount of       officer of Trustee or           of Trustee or
    Global Note      of this Global Note            this Global Note           Notes Custodian          Securities Custodian
<S>                  <C>                           <C>                     <C>                        <C>
</TABLE>

                                      A-32
<PAGE>   95
                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                 5-1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                         ACCREDITED INVESTOR GLOBAL NOTE

No. A-1                                                        CUSIP No. _______

                                                               $________________

         Akamai Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called
the "Company", which term includes any successors under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede &
Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________________ dollars
($___________), on ______________, 2007.

         Interest Payment Dates: July 1 and January 1: commencing January 1,
2001.

         Record Dates:  June 15 and December 15.

         Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note hereinafter
set forth, which will, for all purposes, have the same effect as if set forth at
this place.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Instrument to be duly
executed under its corporate seal.

                                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
                                            a Delaware corporation

[Seal]

                                            By: ________________________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

Attest: ____________
        Secretary

                                      A-33
<PAGE>   96
                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                      State Street Bank and Trust Company,
                                      as Trustee

                                      By:_______________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Authorized Signatory

Dated:___________________

                                      A-34
<PAGE>   97
                 5-1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

                         ACCREDITED INVESTOR GLOBAL NOTE

         1. INTEREST. AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), is the issuer of 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007
(the "Notes"). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5-1/2% per annum.
The Company promises to pay interest on the Notes in cash semiannually on each
July 1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2001, to Holders of record on the
immediately preceding June 15 and December 15, respectively. Interest on the
Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or
if no interest has been paid, from June 20, 2000. Interest will be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The Company will pay
interest on overdue principal at the interest rate borne by the Notes,
compounded semiannually, and, to the extent permitted by law, it shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable
grace period) at the same interest rate compounded semiannually.

         2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The holder of this Note (and the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion hereof) is entitled to the benefits of a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, among the Company and the Initial
Purchasers (the "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement the Company has agreed for the benefit of the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities, that (i) it will, at its cost, within 90 days
after the closing of the sale of the Notes (the "CLOSING"), file a shelf
registration statement (the "SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT") with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION") with respect to resales of the Notes
and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, (ii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be
declared effective within 180 days after the Closing, and (iii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions specified in
the Registration Rights Agreement, until the second anniversary of the date of
the Closing. If (a) the Company fails to file the Shelf Registration Statement
required by the Registration Rights Agreement on or before the date specified
above for such filing, (b) such Shelf Registration Statement is not declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to the date specified above for such
effectiveness, or (c) the Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective but
thereafter ceases to be effective or useable in connection with resales of
Transfer Restricted Securities during the periods specified in the Registration
Rights Agreement without being succeeded immediately by a post-effective
amendment to such Shelf Registration Statement that cures such failure and is
itself declared effective immediately (each such event referred to in clauses
(a) through (c) above a "REGISTRATION DEFAULT"), then the Company will pay
special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities as described
below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company will be permitted to suspend use of the prospectus that
is part of the Shelf Registration Statement during certain periods of time and
in certain circumstances relating to pending corporate developments and public
filings with the SEC and similar events, and such a suspension shall not be
deemed a Registration Default provided it does not last in excess of 60 days in
the aggregate during any 12-month period. With respect to the first 90-day
period immediately following the occurrence of a Registration Default, the
Company shall pay special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted
Securities in an amount equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the
Notes of 0.25%

                                      A-35
<PAGE>   98
("SPECIAL INTEREST") and with respect to each subsequent 90-day period,
additional amounts equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes
of 0.25% until all Registration Defaults have been cured, up to a maximum
increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes equal to 1.0%. In the event
that this Note, or any portion thereof, shall have been converted into shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Section 12 hereof, the amount payable under this
Section 2 per share of Common Stock so converted shall be determined by dividing
(x) the amount that would have been payable hereunder on the aggregate principal
amount so converted by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon such
conversion. All accrued Special Interest shall be paid by the Company on each
Interest Payment Date for which Special Interest is owed to the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities by wire transfer of immediately available funds
or by federal funds check. Following the cure of all Registration Defaults, the
application of Special Interest will cease. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 2
SHALL SURVIVE ANY CONVERSION OF THE NOTES INTO SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 HEREOF, AND MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK ISSUED
UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE.

3. PAYMENTS. All payments made by the Company on this Note shall be made without
deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all present or future
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges of whatever nature unless
the deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or government
charges is then required by law.

4. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except
defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the
close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date even
though Notes are canceled after the record date and on or before the interest
payment date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect
principal and premium payments. The Company will pay principal, premium, if any,
interest, and Special Interest, if any, in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
However, the Company may pay principal, premium, if any, interest and Special
Interest, if any, by check payable in such money. It may mail an interest or
Special Interest check to a Holder's registered address. Upon the request of a
Holder who holds an aggregate principal amount of at least $5.0 million,
principal, premium, if any, interest, and Special Interest, if any, shall be
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account previously
specified in writing by such Holder to the Company and the Trustee.

5. PAYING AGENT, CONVERSION AGENT AND REGISTRAR. The Trustee will act as Paying
Agent, Conversion Agent and Registrar and will maintain an office or agency in
the City of New York, New York at which the notes may be presented for payment,
transfer or exchange. The Company may change any Paying Agent, Conversion Agent
or Registrar without prior notice. The Company or any of its Affiliates may act
in any such capacity.

6. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of June
20, 2000 (the "INDENTURE"), between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust
Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the
Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Notes include those
stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "TIA") as in
effect on the date of the Indenture. The Notes are subject to, and qualified by,
all such terms, certain of which are summarized hereon, and Holders are referred
to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms. The Notes are
unsecured general obligations of the Company limited to

                                      A-36
<PAGE>   99
$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount and subordinated in right of payment
to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company.

7. REDEMPTION. At any time on or after July 3, 2003 the Company may redeem any
portion of the Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than
60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal
amount thereof), together with accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest
thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. If redeemed during
the period beginning July 3, 2003 and ending on June 30, 2004, the redemption
price shall be 103.143%, and if redeemed during the 12-month period commencing
on July 1 of each of the following years, up to the maturity date the redemption
price shall be the corresponding percentage of principal set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Period                                                                 Redemption Price
         ------                                                                 ----------------
<S>                                                                             <C>
         July 1, 2004 - June 30, 2005 ............................................  102.357%
         July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006 ............................................  101.571%
         July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007 ............................................  100.786%
         July 1, 2007 ............................................................  100.000%
</TABLE>

         In the event the Company redeems less than all of the outstanding
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee in accordance
with Section 3.02 of the Indenture. In the event a portion of an outstanding
Note is selected for redemption and such Note is converted in part after such
selection, the converted portion of such Note shall be deemed (so far as may be)
to be the portion to be selected for redemption in accordance with Section 3.02
of the Indenture. The Company may not give notice of any redemption if the
Company has defaulted in payment of interest and the default is continuing.

         8. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION. Notice of redemption will be mailed at least
30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of
the Notes to be redeemed at his address of record. The Notes in denominations
larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in integral multiples of
$1,000. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Notes, the Notes
will be chosen for redemption by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture.
On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on the Notes or
portions of them called for redemption.

         If this Note is redeemed subsequent to a record date with respect to
any interest payment date specified above and on or prior to such interest
payment date, then any accrued interest will be paid to the Person in whose name
this Note is registered at the close of business on such record date.

         9. MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company will not be required to make
mandatory redemption or repurchase payments with respect to the Notes. There are
no sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

         10. REPURCHASE AT OPTION OF HOLDER. If there is a Fundamental Change,
the Company shall be required to offer to purchase on the Purchase Date all
outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest, if any,
to the Purchase Date. Holders of Notes that are subject to an offer to purchase
will receive a Fundamental Change Offer from the Company in accordance with

                                      A-37
<PAGE>   100
Section 3.09 of the Indenture and may elect to have such Notes or portions
thereof in authorized denominations purchased by completing the form entitled
"Option of Holder to Elect Purchase" appearing below.

         11. SUBORDINATION. The payment of the principal of, interest on,
Special Interest or any other amounts due on the Notes is subordinated in right
of payment to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company, as described
in the Indenture. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, agrees to such subordination
and authorizes and directs the Trustee on its behalf to take such action as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination so provided and
appoints the Trustee as its attorney-in-fact for such purpose.

         12. CONVERSION. The holder of any Note has the right, exercisable at
any time following the Issuance Date and prior to the close of business (New
York time) on the date of the Note's maturity, to convert the principal amount
thereof (or any portion thereof that is an integral multiple of $1,000) into
shares of Common Stock at the initial Conversion Price of $115.47 per share,
subject to adjustment under certain circumstances as set forth in the Indenture,
except that if a Note is called for redemption, the conversion right will
terminate at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the
date fixed for redemption.

         To convert a Note, a holder must (1) complete and sign a conversion
notice substantially in the form set forth below, (2) surrender the Note to a
Conversion Agent, (3) furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents if
required by the Registrar or Conversion Agent and (4) pay any transfer or
similar tax, if required. No payment or adjustment will be made for accrued and
unpaid interest on a converted Note, but if any holder surrenders a Note for
conversion after the close of business on the record date for the payment of an
installment of interest and prior to the opening of business on the next
interest payment date, then, notwithstanding such conversion, the interest
payable on such interest payment date shall be paid to the holder of such Note
on such record date. Any Notes that are, however, delivered to the Company for
conversion after any record date but before the next interest payment date must,
except as described in the next sentence, be accompanied by a payment equal to
the interest payable on such interest payment date on the principal amount of
such Notes being converted. Payments to the Company described in the preceding
sentence shall not be required if, during that period between a record date and
the next interest payment date, a conversion occurs on or after the date that
the Company has issued a redemption notice and prior to the date of redemption
stated in such notice. If any Notes are converted after an interest payment date
but on or before the next record date, no interest will be paid on those Notes.
The number of shares issuable upon conversion of a Note is determined by
dividing the principal amount of the Note converted by the Conversion Price in
effect on the Conversion Date. No fractional shares will be issued upon
conversion but a cash adjustment will be made for any fractional interest.

         A note in respect of which a holder has delivered an "Option of Holder
to Elect Purchase" form appearing below exercising the option of such holder to
require the Company to purchase such Note may be converted only if the notice of
exercise is withdrawn as provided above and in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture. The above description of conversion of the Notes is qualified by
reference to, and is subject in its entirety by, the more complete description
thereof contained in the Indenture.

                                      A-38
<PAGE>   101
         13. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The notes are in registered
form, without coupons, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged, as
provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other
things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay
any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar
need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note
selected for redemption (except the unredeemed portion of any Note being
redeemed in part). Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any
Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed.

         14. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be
treated as its owner for all purposes.

         15. UNCLAIMED MONEY. If money for the payment of principal or interest
remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay the
money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders of Notes
entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment unless an abandoned
property law designates another Person and all liability of the Trustee and such
Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease.

         16. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes shall have the Events of Default
set forth in Section 8.01 of the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations in
the Indenture, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by
notice to the Company or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee
may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, except that in the
case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization, all unpaid principal and interest accrued on the
Notes shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by
written notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences
if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all
existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of
principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration.
Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the
Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes issued under the Indenture may direct the
Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Company must furnish annually
compliance certificates to the Trustee. The above description of Events of
Default and remedies is qualified by reference, and subject in its entirety, to
the more complete description thereof contained in the Indenture.

         17. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS. Subject to certain exceptions,
the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange
offer for Notes), and any existing default may be waived with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. Without
the consent of any Holder, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended, among
other reasons, to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for
uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to
provide for assumption of the Company's obligations to Holders, to make any
change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder or to qualify the
Indenture under the TIA or to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order
to maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA.

                                      A-39
<PAGE>   102
         18. TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH THE COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate with the same rights it would
have, as if it were not Trustee, subject to certain limitations provided for in
the Indenture and in the TIA. Any Agent may do the same with like rights.

         19. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. A director, officer, employee,
incorporator or shareholder of the Company, as such, shall not have any
liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or
for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their
creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Notes.

         20. GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL
GOVERN THE INDENTURE AND THE NOTES WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.

         21. AUTHENTICATION. The Notes shall not be valid until authenticated by
the manual signature of an authorized officer of the Trustee or an
authenticating agent.

         22. ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a
Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship
and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and UGMA (= Uniform Gifts to
Minors Act).

                  The Company will furnish to any Holder of the Notes upon
written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Request may be made
to:

                  Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                  500 Technology Square
                  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                                      A-40
<PAGE>   103
                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                  TO ASSIGN THIS NOTE, FILL IN THE FORM BELOW:

         I. ASSIGNMENT

I, or we, assign this Note to:


     _______________________________________________________________________
             (Print or type name, address and zip code of assignee)


     _______________________________________________________________________
     (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)


________________________________________________________________________________
and irrevocably appoint _______________ agent to transfer this Note on the books
of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.



Dated:_______________________    Signed:________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)

                                 Print Name:____________________________________

                                 Signature Guarantee:*__________________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.


         II. TRANSFEROR REPRESENTATIONS

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this
certificate occurring prior to the date that is two years after the later of the
date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such
Notes were owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the company, the undersigned
confirms that such Notes are being transferred:



                                      A-41
<PAGE>   104
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) [ ]  to the Company or any subsidiary thereof (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(2) [ ]  to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A (attach
         Rule 144A Transfer Certificate),

(3) [ ]  outside the United States in compliance with Rule 904 under the
         Securities Act (attach Regulation S Transfer Certificate),

(4) [ ]  pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under
         the Securities Act (if available) (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(5) [ ]  to an institutional "accredited investor" (as defined in rule
         501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act (attach Accredited
         Investor Letter),

(6) [ ]  in accordance with another exemption from the registration requirements
         of the Securities Act (attach legal opinion), or

(7) [ ]  pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
         Act.

CHECK IF APPLICABLE

[ ] (A)  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is, or at some time
         during which it held this Security was, an Affiliate of the Company.

    (B)  If (A) above is checked and if the undersigned was not an Affiliate of
         the Company at all times during which it held this Note, indicate the
         periods during which the undersigned was an Affiliate of the Company:

    (C)  If (A) above is checked and if the Transferee will not pay the full
         purchase price for the transfer of this Note on or prior to the date of
         transfer, indicate when such purchase price will be paid:



                                      A-42
<PAGE>   105
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY AGREES THAT, UNLESS THE BOX ABOVE UNDER ITEM (A) IS
CHECKED, THE UNDERSIGNED SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED THAT IT IS NOT NOR
HAS IT BEEN AT ANY TIME DURING WHICH IT HELD THIS NOTE AN AFFILIATE, AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE COMPANY.

                                        ________________________________________
                                                     (Signature)


                                        Signature Guarantee*____________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

III.     TRANSFEREE REPRESENTATIONS

         TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE IS CHECKED.


                  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing
         this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it
         exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account
         is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A
         under the Securities Act of 1933, and is aware that the sale to it is
         being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has
         received such information regarding the company as the undersigned has
         requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
         information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon
         the undersigned's foregoing representations in order to claim the
         exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer



                                      A-43
<PAGE>   106
              TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED

         The undersigned represents and warrants that it is not a "U.S. Person"
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         Officer



                                      A-44
<PAGE>   107
                       OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, check the box: [ ]

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, state the amount you
want to be purchased (in denominations of $1,000 or any integral multiple
thereof):

                                $_______________


Dated: _______________________  Signed: ________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)


                                Signature Guarantee:*___________________________


*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

                                      A-45
<PAGE>   108
                               ELECTION TO CONVERT

To:      Akamai Technologies, Inc.


                  The undersigned owner of this Note hereby irrevocably exercise
         the option to convert this Note, or the portion below designated, into
         Common Stock of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in accordance with the terms
         of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directors that the
         shares issuable and deliverable upon conversion, together with any
         check in payment for fractional shares, be issued in the name of and
         delivered to the undersigned, unless a different name has been
         indicated in the assignment below. If the shares are to be issued in
         the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will
         pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto.

         Any holder of Notes, upon the exercise of its conversion rights in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Note, agrees to be
         bound by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement relating to the
         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Date:

                  In Whole [ ]              In Part [ ]     as follows:

                                            Portions of Note to be converted
                                            ($1,000 or integral multiples
                                            thereof): $____________


_______________________________
Signature

Please print or Typewrite Name and Address, Including Zip code, and Social
Security or Other Identifying Number:

________________________________

________________________________

________________________________


Signature Guarantee:*___________



*        Signature must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or
         member firm of the New York Stock Exchange



                                      A-46
<PAGE>   109
                                                                      SCHEDULE A

                          SCHEDULE OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT

The initial principal amount of this Global Note shall be $  . The following
increases or decreases in the principal amount of this Global Note have been
made:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Amount of decrease                                                                            Signature of authorized
   in principal       Amount of increase                             Signature of authorized          officer
  amount of this     in principal amount    Principal amount of       officer of Trustee or        of Trustee or
    Global Note      of this Global Note    this Global Note           Notes Custodian          Securities Custodian
- ------------------   -------------------    -------------------      -----------------------  -----------------------
<S>                  <C>                    <C>                      <C>                      <C>
</TABLE>



                                      A-47
<PAGE>   110
                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                 5 1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007


No. D-1                                                       CUSIP No._________

                                                              $_________________

         Akamai Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called
the "Company", which term includes any successors under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede &
Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________________ dollars
($___________), on ______________, 2007.

         Interest Payment Dates: July 1 and January 1: commencing January 1,
2001.

         Record Dates:  June 15 and December 15.

         Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note hereinafter
set forth, which will, for all purposes, have the same effect as if set forth at
this place.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Instrument to be duly
executed under its corporate seal.

                                            AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
                                            a Delaware corporation

[Seal]

                                            By: ________________________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

Attest: ____________
        Secretary



                                      A-48
<PAGE>   111
                     TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Notes described in the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                           State Street Bank and Trust Company,
                                           as Trustee

                                           By:__________________________________
                                              Name:
                                              Authorized Signatory

Dated:___________________

                                      A-49
<PAGE>   112
                 5 1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTE DUE 2007

         1. INTEREST. AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), is the issuer of 5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007 (the
"Notes"). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5 1/2% per annum. The
Company promises to pay interest on the Notes in cash semiannually on each July
1 and January 1, commencing on January 1, 2001, to Holders of record on the
immediately preceding June 15 and December 15, respectively. Interest on the
Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or
if no interest has been paid, from June 20, 2000. Interest will be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. The Company will pay
interest on overdue principal at the interest rate borne by the Notes,
compounded semiannually, and, to the extent permitted by law, it shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable
grace period) at the same interest rate compounded semiannually.

         2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The holder of this Note (and the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion hereof) is entitled to the benefits of a Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2000, among the Company and the Initial
Purchasers (the "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement the Company has agreed for the benefit of the holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities, that (i) it will, at its cost, within 90 days
after the closing of the sale of the Notes (the "CLOSING"), file a shelf
registration statement (the "SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT") with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION") with respect to resales of the Notes
and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof, (ii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be
declared effective within 180 days after the Closing, and (iii) it will use its
reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions specified in
the Registration Rights Agreement, until the second anniversary of the date of
the Closing. If (a) the Company fails to file the Shelf Registration Statement
required by the Registration Rights Agreement on or before the date specified
above for such filing, (b) such Shelf Registration Statement is not declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to the date specified above for such
effectiveness, or (c) the Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective but
thereafter ceases to be effective or useable in connection with resales of
Transfer Restricted Securities during the periods specified in the Registration
Rights Agreement without being succeeded immediately by a post-effective
amendment to such Shelf Registration Statement that cures such failure and is
itself declared effective immediately (each such event referred to in clauses
(a) through (c) above a "REGISTRATION DEFAULT"), then the Company will pay
special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities as described
below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company will be permitted to suspend use of the prospectus that
is part of the Shelf Registration Statement during certain periods of time and
in certain circumstances relating to pending corporate developments and public
filings with the SEC and similar events, and such a suspension shall not be
deemed a Registration Default provided it does not last in excess of 60 days in
the aggregate during any 12-month period. With respect to the first 90-day
period immediately following the occurrence of a Registration Default, the
Company shall pay special interest to each Holder of Transfer Restricted
Securities in an amount equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the
Notes of 0.25% ("SPECIAL INTEREST") and with respect to each subsequent 90-day
period, additional amounts

                                      A-50
<PAGE>   113
equal to an increase in the annual interest rate on the Notes of 0.25% until all
Registration Defaults have been cured, up to a maximum increase in the annual
interest rate on the Notes equal to 1.0%. In the event that this Note, or any
portion thereof, shall have been converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant
to Section 12 hereof, the amount payable under this Section 2 per share of
Common Stock so converted shall be determined by dividing (x) the amount that
would have been payable hereunder on the aggregate principal amount so converted
by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon such conversion. All
accrued Special Interest shall be paid by the Company on each Interest Payment
Date for which Special Interest is owed to the holders of Transfer Restricted
Securities by wire transfer of immediately available funds or by federal funds
check. Following the cure of all Registration Defaults, the application of
Special Interest will cease. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 2 SHALL SURVIVE ANY
CONVERSION OF THE NOTES INTO SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PURSUANT TO SECTION 12
HEREOF, AND MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION
OF THIS NOTE.

         3. PAYMENTS. All payments made by the Company on this Note shall be
made without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any and all present
or future taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges of whatever nature
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or
government charges is then required by law.

         4. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company will pay interest on the Notes
(except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes
at the close of business on the record date for the next interest payment date
even though Notes are canceled after the record date and on or before the
interest payment date. Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect
principal and premium payments. The Company will pay principal, premium, if any,
interest, and Special Interest, if any, in money of the United States that at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
However, the Company may pay principal, premium, if any, interest and Special
Interest, if any, by check payable in such money. It may mail an interest or
Special Interest check to a Holder's registered address. Upon the request of a
Holder who holds an aggregate principal amount of at least $5.0 million,
principal, premium, if any, interest, and Special Interest, if any, shall be
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account previously
specified in writing by such Holder to the Company and the Trustee.

         5. PAYING AGENT, CONVERSION AGENT AND REGISTRAR. The Trustee will act
as Paying Agent, Conversion Agent and Registrar and will maintain an office or
agency in the City of New York, New York at which the notes may be presented for
payment, transfer or exchange. The Company may change any Paying Agent,
Conversion Agent or Registrar without prior notice. The Company or any of its
Affiliates may act in any such capacity.

         6. INDENTURE. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as
of June 20, 2000 (the "INDENTURE"), between the Company and State Street Bank
and Trust Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in
the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Notes include
those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "TIA") as in
effect on the date of the Indenture. The Notes are subject to, and qualified by,
all such terms, certain of which are summarized hereon, and Holders are referred
to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms. The Notes are
unsecured general obligations of the Company limited to

                                      A-51
<PAGE>   114
$300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount and subordinated in right of payment
to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company.

         7. REDEMPTION. At any time on or after July 3, 2003 the Company may
redeem any portion of the Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor
more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of
principal amount thereof), together with accrued and unpaid interest and Special
Interest thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. If redeemed
during the period beginning July 3, 2003 and ending on June 30, 2004, the
redemption price shall be 103.143%, and if redeemed during the 12-month period
commencing on July 1 of each of the following years, up to the maturity date the
redemption price shall be the corresponding percentage of principal set forth
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Period                                                                 Redemption Price
         ------                                                                 ----------------
<S>                                                                             <C>
         July 1, 2004 - June 30, 2005 ...........................................  102.357%
         July 1, 2005 - June 30, 2006 ...........................................  101.571%
         July 1, 2006 - June 30, 2007 ...........................................  100.786%
         July 1, 2007 ...........................................................  100.000%
</TABLE>

         In the event the Company redeems less than all of the outstanding
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee in accordance
with Section 3.02 of the Indenture. In the event a portion of an outstanding
Note is selected for redemption and such Note is converted in part after such
selection, the converted portion of such Note shall be deemed (so far as may be)
to be the portion to be selected for redemption in accordance with Section 3.02
of the Indenture. The Company may not give notice of any redemption if the
Company has defaulted in payment of interest and the default is continuing.

         8. NOTICE OF REDEMPTION. Notice of redemption will be mailed at least
30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of
the Notes to be redeemed at his address of record. The Notes in denominations
larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in integral multiples of
$1,000. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Notes, the Notes
will be chosen for redemption by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture.
On and after the redemption date, interest ceases to accrue on the Notes or
portions of them called for redemption.

         If this Note is redeemed subsequent to a record date with respect to
any interest payment date specified above and on or prior to such interest
payment date, then any accrued interest will be paid to the Person in whose name
this Note is registered at the close of business on such record date.

         9. MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company will not be required to make
mandatory redemption or repurchase payments with respect to the Notes. There are
no sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

         10. REPURCHASE AT OPTION OF HOLDER. If there is a Fundamental Change,
the Company shall be required to offer to purchase on the Purchase Date all
outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Special Interest, if any,
to the Purchase Date. Holders of Notes that are subject to an offer to purchase
will receive a Fundamental Change Offer from the Company in accordance with

                                      A-52
<PAGE>   115
Section 3.09 of the Indenture and may elect to have such Notes or portions
thereof in authorized denominations purchased by completing the form entitled
"Option of Holder to Elect Purchase" appearing below.

         11. SUBORDINATION. The payment of the principal of, interest on,
Special Interest or any other amounts due on the Notes is subordinated in right
of payment to all existing and future Senior Debt of the Company, as described
in the Indenture. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, agrees to such subordination
and authorizes and directs the Trustee on its behalf to take such action as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination so provided and
appoints the Trustee as its attorney-in-fact for such purpose.

         12. CONVERSION. The holder of any Note has the right, exercisable at
any time following the Issuance Date and prior to the close of business (New
York time) on the date of the Note's maturity, to convert the principal amount
thereof (or any portion thereof that is an integral multiple of $1,000) into
shares of Common Stock at the initial Conversion Price of $115.47 per share,
subject to adjustment under certain circumstances as set forth in the Indenture,
except that if a Note is called for redemption, the conversion right will
terminate at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the
date fixed for redemption.

         To convert a Note, a holder must (1) complete and sign a conversion
notice substantially in the form set forth below, (2) surrender the Note to a
Conversion Agent, (3) furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents if
required by the Registrar or Conversion Agent and (4) pay any transfer or
similar tax, if required. No payment or adjustment will be made for accrued and
unpaid interest on a converted Note, but if any holder surrenders a Note for
conversion after the close of business on the record date for the payment of an
installment of interest and prior to the opening of business on the next
interest payment date, then, notwithstanding such conversion, the interest
payable on such interest payment date shall be paid to the holder of such Note
on such record date. Any Notes that are, however, delivered to the Company for
conversion after any record date but before the next interest payment date must,
except as described in the next sentence, be accompanied by a payment equal to
the interest payable on such interest payment date on the principal amount of
such Notes being converted. Payments to the Company described in the preceding
sentence shall not be required if, during that period between a record date and
the next interest payment date, a conversion occurs on or after the date that
the Company has issued a redemption notice and prior to the date of redemption
stated in such notice. If any Notes are converted after an interest payment date
but on or before the next record date, no interest will be paid on those Notes.
The number of shares issuable upon conversion of a Note is determined by
dividing the principal amount of the Note converted by the Conversion Price in
effect on the Conversion Date. No fractional shares will be issued upon
conversion but a cash adjustment will be made for any fractional interest.

         A note in respect of which a holder has delivered an "Option of Holder
to Elect Purchase" form appearing below exercising the option of such holder to
require the Company to purchase such Note may be converted only if the notice of
exercise is withdrawn as provided above and in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture. The above description of conversion of the Notes is qualified by
reference to, and is subject in its entirety by, the more complete description
thereof contained in the Indenture.

                                      A-53
<PAGE>   116
         13. DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The notes are in registered
form, without coupons, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged, as
provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other
things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay
any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar
need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note
selected for redemption (except the unredeemed portion of any Note being
redeemed in part). Also, it need not exchange or register the transfer of any
Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed.

         14. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be
treated as its owner for all purposes.

         15. UNCLAIMED MONEY. If money for the payment of principal or interest
remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay the
money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders of Notes
entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment unless an abandoned
property law designates another Person and all liability of the Trustee and such
Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease.

         16. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Notes shall have the Events of Default
set forth in Section 8.01 of the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations in
the Indenture, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by
notice to the Company or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee
may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, except that in the
case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization, all unpaid principal and interest accrued on the
Notes shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by
written notice to the Trustee may rescind an acceleration and its consequences
if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all
existing Events of Default have been cured or waived except nonpayment of
principal or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration.
Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the
Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes issued under the Indenture may direct the
Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Company must furnish annually
compliance certificates to the Trustee. The above description of Events of
Default and remedies is qualified by reference, and subject in its entirety, to
the more complete description thereof contained in the Indenture.

         17. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS. Subject to certain exceptions,
the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of
the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange
offer for Notes), and any existing default may be waived with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. Without
the consent of any Holder, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended, among
other reasons, to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for
uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to
provide for assumption of the Company's obligations to Holders, to make any
change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder or to qualify the
Indenture under the TIA or to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order
to maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA.

                                      A-54
<PAGE>   117
         18. TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH THE COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may
otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate with the same rights it would
have, as if it were not Trustee, subject to certain limitations provided for in
the Indenture and in the TIA. Any Agent may do the same with like rights.

         19. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. A director, officer, employee,
incorporator or shareholder of the Company, as such, shall not have any
liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or
for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their
creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the
issue of the Notes.

         20. GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL
GOVERN THE INDENTURE AND THE NOTES WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.

         21. AUTHENTICATION. The Notes shall not be valid until authenticated by
the manual signature of an authorized officer of the Trustee or an
authenticating agent.

         22. ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a
Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship
and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and UGMA (= Uniform Gifts to
Minors Act).

                  The Company will furnish to any Holder of the Notes upon
written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Request may be made
to:

                  Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                  500 Technology Square
                  Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                                      A-55
<PAGE>   118
                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

                  TO ASSIGN THIS NOTE, FILL IN THE FORM BELOW:

         I. ASSIGNMENT

I, or we, assign this Note to:

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________
             (Print or type name, address and zip code of assignee)

________________________________________________________________________________
     (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

________________________________________________________________________________


and irrevocably appoint _______________ agent to transfer this Note on the books
of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.



Dated:_______________________    Signed:________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)

                                 Print Name:____________________________________

                                 Signature Guarantee:*__________________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

                           __________________________

         II. TRANSFEROR REPRESENTATIONS

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this
certificate occurring prior to the date that is two years after the later of the
date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such
Notes were owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the company, the undersigned
confirms that such Notes are being transferred:



                                      A-56
<PAGE>   119
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) [ ]  to the Company or any subsidiary thereof (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(2) [ ]  to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A (attach
         Rule 144A Transfer Certificate),

(3) [ ]  outside the United States in compliance with Rule 904 under the
         Securities Act (attach Regulation S Transfer Certificate),

(4) [ ]  pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under
         the Securities Act (if available) (attach Restricted Transfer
         Certificate),

(5) [ ]  to an institutional "accredited investor" (as defined in rule
         501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act (attach Accredited
         Investor Letter),

(6) [ ]  in accordance with another exemption from the registration requirements
         of the Securities Act (attach legal opinion), or

(7) [ ]  pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
         Act.

CHECK IF APPLICABLE

[ ] (A)  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is, or at some time
         during which it held this Security was, an Affiliate of the Company.

    (B)  If (A) above is checked and if the undersigned was not an Affiliate of
         the Company at all times during which it held this Note, indicate the
         periods during which the undersigned was an Affiliate of the Company:

         _____________________________.

    (C)  If (A) above is checked and if the Transferee will not pay the full
         purchase price for the transfer of this Note on or prior to the date of
         transfer, indicate when such purchase price will be paid:

         _____________________________.



                                      A-57
<PAGE>   120
THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY AGREES THAT, UNLESS THE BOX ABOVE UNDER ITEM (A) IS
CHECKED, THE UNDERSIGNED SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED THAT IT IS NOT NOR
HAS IT BEEN AT ANY TIME DURING WHICH IT HELD THIS NOTE AN AFFILIATE, AS DEFINED
IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE COMPANY.

                                        ________________________________________
                                                     (Signature)


                                        Signature Guarantee*____________________

*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

III.     TRANSFEREE REPRESENTATIONS

         TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE IS CHECKED.


                  The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing
         this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it
         exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account
         is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A
         under the Securities Act of 1933, and is aware that the sale to it is
         being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has
         received such information regarding the company as the undersigned has
         requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
         information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon
         the undersigned's foregoing representations in order to claim the
         exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         officer



                                      A-58
<PAGE>   121
              TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED

         The undersigned represents and warrants that it is not a "U.S. Person"
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

Dated:___________________         Signed:_____________________________
                                         Name:
                                         NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive
                                         officer



                                      A-59
<PAGE>   122
                       OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, check the box: [ ]

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 3.09 or Section 4.07 of the Indenture, state the amount you
want to be purchased (in denominations of $1,000 or any integral multiple
thereof):

                                $_______________


Dated: _______________________  Signed: ________________________________________
                                        (Sign exactly as your name appears on
                                        the other side of this Note)


                                Signature Guarantee:*___________________________


*Signatures must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or member
firm of the New York Stock Exchange.

                                      A-60
<PAGE>   123
                               ELECTION TO CONVERT

To:      Akamai Technologies, Inc.


                  The undersigned owner of this Note hereby irrevocably exercise
         the option to convert this Note, or the portion below designated, into
         Common Stock of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in accordance with the terms
         of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directors that the
         shares issuable and deliverable upon conversion, together with any
         check in payment for fractional shares, be issued in the name of and
         delivered to the undersigned, unless a different name has been
         indicated in the assignment below. If the shares are to be issued in
         the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will
         pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto.

         Any holder of Notes, upon the exercise of its conversion rights in
         accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Note, agrees to be
         bound by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement relating to the
         Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Date:

                  In Whole [ ]              In Part [ ]     as follows:

                                            Portions of Note to be converted
                                            ($1,000 or integral multiples
                                            thereof): $____________


_______________________________
Signature

Please print or Typewrite Name and Address, Including Zip code, and Social
Security or Other Identifying Number:

________________________________

________________________________

________________________________


Signature Guarantee:*___________



*        Signature must be guaranteed by a commercial bank, trust company or
         member firm of the New York Stock Exchange



                                      A-61
<PAGE>   124
                                                                       EXHIBIT B

     FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE FOR TRANSFER FROM RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR
                   RESTRICTED NOTE TO REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE

REGULATION S TRANSFER CERTIFICATE

State Street Bank and Trust Company
2 Avenue de Lafayette
Boston, MA  02111-1724
Attn:  Corporate Trust Administration

Re:      Akamai Technologies, Inc. 5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
         2007 (the "NOTES")

         Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2000
(the "INDENTURE"), between Akamai Technologies, Inc., as Issuer, and State
Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee.

         This letter relates to $[___________] [check one] (i) aggregate
principal amount of Notes which are held in the form of the Rule 144A Global
Note (CUSIP No. ________) with the Depositary or (ii) principal amount of
Restricted Note (CUSIP No. ________) registered, in either case, in the name of
[name of transferor] (the "TRANSFEROR") to effect the transfer of the Notes in
exchange for an equivalent beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Notes.

         In connection with such request, the Transferor does hereby certify (i)
that such transfer has been effected in accordance with the transfer
restrictions set forth in the Notes and (ii) that:

         (1)      the offer of the Notes was not made to a Person in the United
                  States;

         (2)      the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities
                  of a designated offshore securities market and neither the
                  Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the
                  transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United
                  States;

         (3)      no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of
                  the requirements of Rule 903(b) or 904(b) of Regulation S, as
                  applicable; and

         (4)      the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the
                  registration requirements of the United States Securities Act
                  of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT").

         In addition, if the sale is made during a distribution compliance
period and the provisions of Rule 903 (c) (2) or (3) or Rule 904 (c) (1) of
Regulation S are applicable thereto, we confirm that such sale has been made in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Rule 903 (c) (2) or (3) or Rule
904(c)(1), as the case may be.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>   125
         You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this letter and are
irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested
party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with
respect to the matters covered hereby. Capitalized terms used in this
certificate and not otherwise defined in the Indenture have the meanings set
forth in Regulation S.

                                            [Name of Transferor]

                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:
                                               Title:


Dated:

cc:    Akamai Technologies, Inc.
       500 Technology Square
       Cambridge, Massachusetts  02139
       Attention:  General Counsel


                                      B-2
<PAGE>   126
                                                                       EXHIBIT C

   FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE FOR TRANSFER FROM REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR
                    RESTRICTED NOTE TO RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE

RULE 144A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE

State Street Bank and Trust Company
2 Avenue de Lafayette
Boston, MA  02111-1724
Attn:  Corporate Trust Administration

Re:      Akamai Technologies, Inc. 5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
         2007 (the "NOTES")

         Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated of June 20, 2000 (the
"INDENTURE"), between Akamai Technologies, Inc., as Issuer, and State Street
Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the respective meanings given them in the Indenture.

         This letter relates to $[___________] [check one] (i) aggregate
principal amount of Notes which are held in the form of the Regulation S Global
Note (CUSIP No. ________) with the Depositary or (ii) principal amount of
Restricted Note (CUSIP No. ________) registered, in either case, in the name of
[name of transferor] (the "TRANSFEROR") to effect the transfer of the Notes in
exchange for an equivalent beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note.

In connection with such request, and in respect of such Notes the Transferor
does hereby certify that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with (i)
the transfer restrictions set forth in the Notes and (ii) Rule 144A under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to a transferee that the
Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Notes for its own account or an
account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment
discretion and the transferee and any such account is a "qualified institutional
buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with applicable securities laws of
any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.

                                                [Name of Transferor],

                                                By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name:
                                                   Title:

Dated:

cc:    Akamai Technologies, Inc.
       500 Technology Square
       Cambridge, Massachusetts  02139
       Attention:  General Counsel

                                      C-1
<PAGE>   127
                                                                       EXHIBIT D

          FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE FOR TRANSFER FROM GLOBAL NOTE OR
                       RESTRICTED NOTE TO RESTRICTED NOTE

RESTRICTED NOTE TRANSFER CERTIFICATE

State Street Bank and Trust Company
2 Avenue de Lafayette
Boston, MA  02111-1724
Attn:  Corporate Trust Administration

Re:      Akamai Technologies, Inc. 5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
         2007 (the "NOTES")

         Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2000
(the "INDENTURE"), between Akamai Technologies, Inc., as Issuer, and State
Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the respective meanings given them in the Indenture.

         This letter relates to $[___________] aggregate principal amount of
Notes which are [held in the form of the [Rule 144A/Regulation S] [Global]
[Restricted] Note (CUSIP No. [________] CINS No. [__________]) [with the
Depositary] in the name of [name of transferor] (the "TRANSFEROR") to effect the
transfer of the Notes.

         In connection with such request, and in respect of such Notes, the
Transferor does hereby certify that such Notes are being transferred (i) in
accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Notes and (ii) in
accordance with applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or
any other jurisdiction.


                                               [Name of Transferor],

                                               By:
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Name:
                                                  Title:


Dated:

cc:    Akamai Technologies, Inc.
       500 Technology Square
       Cambridge, Massachusetts  02139
       Attention:  General Counsel

                                      D-1
<PAGE>   128
                                                                       EXHIBIT E

      FORM OF LETTER TO BE DELIVERED BY INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS

ACCREDITED INVESTOR LETTER

(Date)


Akamai Technologies, Inc.
500 Technology Square
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         We are delivering this letter in connection with our acquisition of
5 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007 (the "Notes") of Akamai
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), as more fully
described in the Offering Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum") relating to the
initial offering of the Notes.

         We hereby confirm that:

         (i) we are an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)
(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), or an entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a) (1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act (an "Institutional Accredited Investor");

         (ii) (A) any purchase of the Notes by us will be for our own account or
for the account of one or more other Institutional Accredited Investors or as
fiduciary for the account of one or more trusts, each of which is an "accredited
investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(7) under the Securities Act and for
each of which we exercise sole investment discretion or (B) we are a "bank,"
within the meaning of Section 3 (a) (2) of the Securities Act, or a "savings and
loan association" or other institution described in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the
Securities Act that is acquiring the Notes as fiduciary for the account of one
or more institutions for which we exercise sole investment discretion;

         (iii) in the event that we purchase any of the Notes, we will acquire
Notes having a minimum purchase price of not less than $100,000 for our own
account or for any separate account for which we are acting;

         (iv) we have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that we are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of purchasing the
Notes;

         (v) we are not acquiring the Notes with a view to distribution thereof
or with any present intention of offering or selling any of the Notes, except
inside the United States in accordance

                                      E-1
<PAGE>   129
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act or outside the United States in
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, as provided below,
provided that the disposition of our property and the property of any accounts
for which we are acting as fiduciary shall remain at all times within our
control; and

         (vi) we have received a copy of the Offering Memorandum relating to the
offering of the Notes and acknowledge that we have had access to such financial
and other information, and have been afforded the opportunity to ask such
questions of representatives of the Company and receive answers thereto, as we
deem necessary in connection with our decision to acquire the Notes.

         We understand that the Notes are being offered in a transaction not
involving any public offering within the United States within the meaning of the
Securities Act and that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities
Act, and we agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of each account for which we
acquire any Notes, that if in the future we decide to resell, pledge or
otherwise transfer such Notes, such Notes may be offered, resold, pledged or
otherwise transferred only: (a) to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (b)
to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a Qualified Institutional
Buyer or "QIB" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) purchasing for
its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 144A, (c) in an offshore transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 904 of the Securities Act, (d) in a transaction meeting the
requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (e) to an Institutional
Accredited Investor that, prior to such transfer, furnishes the trustee a signed
letter containing certain representations and agreements relating to the
transfer of the Notes (in substantially this form) and, if such transfer is in
respect of an aggregate principal amount of Notes less than $100,000, an opinion
of counsel acceptable to the Company that such transfer is in compliance with
the Securities Act, (f) in accordance with another exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act (and based upon an opinion of
counsel acceptable to the Company) or (g) pursuant to an effective registration
statement and, in each case, in accordance with the applicable securities laws
of any state of the United States, or any other applicable jurisdiction. We
understand that the registrar and transfer agent for the Notes will not be
required to accept for registration of transfer any Notes acquired by us, except
upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to the Company and the transfer agent
that the foregoing restrictions on transfer have been complied with. We further
understand that any Notes acquired by us will be in the form of definitive
physical certificates and will bear a legend reflecting the substance of this
paragraph.

         We acknowledge that the Company and others will rely upon our
confirmations, acknowledgments and agreements set forth herein, and we agree to
notify you promptly in writing if any of our representatives or warranties
herein ceases to be accurate and complete.

                                      E-2
<PAGE>   130
         THIS LETTER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAWS.

Dated:
      --------------------------------      --------------------------------
                                                   (Name of Purchaser)



                                            By:
                                               -----------------------------
                                                       (Signature)
                                            Name:
                                            Title:
                                            Address:


                                      E-3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE NOTES DUE 2007
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                        EX: 99.5

                 5-1/2% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTES DUE 2007
                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT





                            Dated as of June 20, 2000

                                  by and among

                            Akamai Technologies, Inc.

                                       and

               Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
                        Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
                            Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
                           Thomas Weisel Partners LLC
<PAGE>   2
           This Registration Rights Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is made and
entered into as of June 20, 2000, by and among Akamai Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
Securities Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC (each an "INITIAL PURCHASER" and,
collectively, the "INITIAL PURCHASERS"), each of whom has agreed to purchase the
Company's 5-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2007 (the "NOTES") pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).


           This Agreement is made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated June
15, 2000, (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), by and among the Company and the Initial
Purchasers. In order to induce the Initial Purchasers to purchase the Notes, the
Company has agreed to provide the registration rights set forth in this
Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the
obligations of the Initial Purchasers set forth in Section 2 of the Purchase
Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meaning assigned to them in the Indenture, dated June 20, 2000, between the
Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to the
Notes (the "INDENTURE").

           The parties hereby agree as follows:


SECTION 1.      DEFINITIONS

           As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have
the following meanings:

      ACT:                                 The Securities Act of 1933, as
                                           amended.

      AFFILIATE:                           As defined in Rule 144 of the Act.

      CERTIFICATED SECURITIES:             Definitive Notes, as defined in the
                                           Indenture.

      CLOSING DATE:                        The date hereof.

      COMMON STOCK:                        Common Stock, $.01 par value per
                                           share, of the Company.

      COMMISSION:                          The Securities and Exchange
                                           Commission.

      EFFECTIVENESS DEADLINE:              As defined in Section 3(a) hereof.

      EXCHANGE ACT:                        The Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
                                           as amended.

      FILING DEADLINE:                     As defined in Section 3(a) hereof.

      HOLDERS:                             As defined in Section 2 hereof.

      NOTES:                               The up to $300,000,000 aggregate
                                           principal amount of 5-1/2%
                                           Convertible Subordinated Notes being
                                           issued pursuant to the Purchase
                                           Agreement.

      PROSPECTUS:                          The prospectus included in a
                                           Registration Statement at the time
                                           such Registration Statement is
                                           declared effective, as amended or

                                       1
<PAGE>   3
                                           supplemented by any prospectus
                                           supplement and by all other
                                           amendments thereto, including
                                           post-effective amendments, all
                                           material incorporated by reference
                                           into such Prospectus and any
                                           information previously omitted in
                                           reliance upon Rule 430A of the Act.

      RECOMMENCEMENT DATE:                 As defined in Section 5(b) hereof.

      REGULATION S:                        Regulation S promulgated under the
                                           Act.

      RULE 144:                            Rule 144 promulgated under the Act.

      SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT:        As defined in Section 3 hereof.

      SUSPENSION NOTICE:                   As defined in Section 5(b) hereof.

      TIA:                                 The Trust Indenture Act of 1939
                                           (15 U.S.C. Section 77aaa-77bbbb) as
                                           in effect on the date of the
                                           Indenture.

      TRANSFER RESTRICTED SECURITIES:      The Notes and the shares of Common
                                           Stock into which the Notes are
                                           convertible, upon original issuance
                                           thereof, and at all times subsequent
                                           thereto, until, in the case of any
                                           such Notes or shares of Common Stock,
                                           (a) the date on which such Notes or
                                           shares of Common Stock have been
                                           registered under the Act and disposed
                                           of in accordance with the Shelf
                                           Registration Statement, (b) the date
                                           on which such Notes or shares of
                                           Common Stock are distributed to the
                                           public pursuant to Rule 144 or are
                                           saleable pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or
                                           similar provisions then in effect)
                                           under the Act or (c) the date on
                                           which such Notes or shares of Common
                                           Stock cease to be outstanding.

SECTION 2.      HOLDERS

           A Person is deemed to be a holder of Transfer Restricted Securities
(each, a "HOLDER") whenever such Person owns of record Transfer Restricted
Securities.


SECTION 3.      SHELF REGISTRATION

           (a) Shelf Registration. As soon as practicable after the Closing Date
but in no event later than 90 days after the Closing Date (such 90th day,
"FILING DEADLINE"), the Company shall file with the Commission a shelf
registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 under the Act (the "SHELF
REGISTRATION STATEMENT"), relating to all Transfer Restricted Securities, and
shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement
to become effective on or prior to 180 days after the Closing Date (such 180th
day, the "EFFECTIVENESS DEADLINE").

                                       2
<PAGE>   4
      The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep any Shelf
Registration Statement required by this Section 3(a) continuously effective,
supplemented and amended as required by and subject to the provisions of Section
5(a) hereof to the extent necessary to ensure that it is available for sales of
Transfer Restricted Securities by the Holders thereof entitled to the benefit of
this Section 3(a), and to ensure that it conforms with the requirements of this
Agreement, the Act and the policies, rules and regulations of the Commission as
announced from time to time, for the shorter of (i) two years (as extended
pursuant to Section 5(b) following the Closing Date) or (ii) the date on which
all Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Shelf Registration Statement
have been sold pursuant thereto.

           (b) Provision by Holders of Certain Information in Connection with
the Shelf Registration Statement. No Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities
may include any of its Transfer Restricted Securities in any Shelf Registration
Statement pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such Holder furnishes to
the Company in writing, within 20 days after receipt of a request therefor, the
information specified in Item 507 or 508 of Regulation S-K, as applicable, of
the Act for use in connection with any Shelf Registration Statement or
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus included therein. Each selling Holder
agrees to promptly furnish additional information required to be disclosed in
order to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such Holder
not materially misleading.


SECTION 4.      [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]


SECTION 5.      SHELF REGISTRATION PROCEDURES

           (a) Procedures. In connection with the Shelf Registration Statement,
the Company shall:

                (i) use its reasonable best efforts to effect such registration
to permit the sale of the Transfer Restricted Securities being sold in
accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution thereof (as
indicated in the information furnished to the Company pursuant to Section 3(b)
hereof), and pursuant thereto the Company will prepare and file with the
Commission a Shelf Registration Statement relating to the registration on any
appropriate form under the Act, which form shall be available for the sale of
the Transfer Restricted Securities in accordance with the intended method or
methods of distribution thereof (including, without limitation, one or more
underwritten offerings) within the time periods and otherwise in accordance with
the provisions hereof. The Company shall not be permitted to include in the
Shelf Registration Statement any securities other than the Transfer Restricted
Securities.

                (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to contact all Holders of
Transfer Restricted Securities and notify each Holder of its right to include
its Transfer Restricted Securities in such Shelf Registration Statement.

                (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf
Registration Statement continuously effective and provide all requisite
financial statements for the period specified in Section 3 of this Agreement.
Upon the occurrence of any event (including, without limitation, pending
negotiations relating to, or the consummation of, a transaction or the
occurrence of any event which would require additional disclosure of material
non-public information by the Company in the Shelf Registration Statement as to
which the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving confidential
or which renders the Company unable to comply with Commission requirements) that
would cause any such Shelf Registration Statement or the Prospectus contained
therein (A) to contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (B)
not to be effective and usable for resale of Transfer Restricted Securities
during the period required by this Agreement, the

                                       3
<PAGE>   5
Company shall file promptly an appropriate amendment to such Shelf Registration
Statement curing such defect, and, if Commission review is required, use its
best efforts to cause such amendment to be declared effective as soon as
practicable; PROVIDED that in the event of a material business transaction
(including, without limitation, pending negotiations relating to such a
transaction) which would, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, require
disclosure by the Company in the Shelf Registration Statement of material
non-public information for which the Company has a bona fide business purpose
for not disclosing, then for so long as such circumstances exist, the Company
shall not be required to prepare and file a supplement or post-effective
amendment hereunder.

                (iv) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and
post-effective amendments to the Shelf Registration Statement as may be
necessary to keep such Shelf Registration Statement effective for the applicable
period set forth in Section 3 hereof, cause the Prospectus to be supplemented by
any required Prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424 under the Act, and to comply fully with Rules 424, 430A and 462, as
applicable, under the Act in a timely manner; and comply with the provisions of
the Act with respect to the disposition of all Transfer Restricted Securities
covered by such Shelf Registration Statement during the applicable period in
accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution by the sellers
thereof set forth in such Shelf Registration Statement or supplement to the
Prospectus;

                (v) advise the Holders and underwriters, if any, promptly and,
if requested by such Persons, confirm such advice in writing, (A) when the
Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been
filed, and, with respect to any Shelf Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto, when the same has become effective, (B) of any
request by the Commission for amendments to the Shelf Registration Statement or
amendments or supplements to the Prospectus or for additional information
relating thereto, (C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement under the Act
or of the suspension by any state securities commission of the qualification of
the Transfer Restricted Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or
the initiation of any proceeding for any of the preceding purposes, and (D) of
the existence of any fact or the happening of any event (including, without
limitation, pending negotiations relating to, or the consummation of, a
transaction or the occurrence of any event which would require additional
disclosure of material non-public information by the Company in the Shelf
Registration Statement as to which the Company has a bona fide business purpose
for preserving confidential or which renders the Company unable to comply with
Commission requirements) that makes any statement of a material fact made in the
Shelf Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any amendment or supplement
thereto or any document incorporated by reference therein untrue, or that
requires the making of any additions to or changes in the Shelf Registration
Statement so that the statements therein are not misleading and do not omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. If at any time the Commission shall issue any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement, or any state
securities commission or other regulatory authority shall issue an order
suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of the Transfer
Restricted Securities under state securities or Blue Sky laws, the Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such
order at the earliest possible time;

                (vi) subject to Section 5(a)(iii), if any fact or event
contemplated by Section 5(v)(D) above shall exist or have occurred, prepare a
supplement or post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration Statement or
related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any
other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
Transfer Restricted Securities, the Prospectus will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading;

                                       4
<PAGE>   6
                (vii) furnish to each Holder named in any Shelf Registration
Statement or Prospectus and underwriter, if any, in connection with such sale
before filing with the Commission, copies of any Shelf Registration Statement or
any Prospectus included therein or any amendments or supplements to any such
Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus (other than documents incorporated by
reference after the initial filing of such Shelf Registration Statement), which
documents will be subject to the review and comment of such Persons in
connection with such sale, if any, for a period of at least five Business Days,
and the Company will not file any such Shelf Registration Statement or
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any such Shelf Registration
Statement or Prospectus (other than documents incorporated by reference) to
which such Persons shall reasonably object within five Business Days after the
receipt thereof. Any such Person shall be deemed to have reasonably objected to
such filing if such Registration Statement, amendment, Prospectus or supplement,
as applicable, as proposed to be filed, contains an untrue statement of a
material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading or fails to comply with the applicable
requirements of the Act;

                (viii) if requested by any Holders or underwriters, if any, in
connection with such sale, promptly include in any Shelf Registration Statement
or Prospectus, pursuant to a supplement or post-effective amendment if
necessary, such information as such Holders or underwriters, if any, may
reasonably request to have included therein, including, without limitation,
information relating to the "Plan of Distribution" of the Transfer Restricted
Securities; and make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment as soon as practicable after the Company is notified of
the matters to be included in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment;

                (ix) make available to each Holder and underwriter, if any,
without charge, at least one copy of the Shelf Registration Statement, as first
filed with the Commission, and of each amendment thereto, including all
documents incorporated by reference therein and all exhibits (including exhibits
incorporated therein by reference);

                (x) deliver to each Holder and underwriter, if any, without
charge, as many copies of the Prospectus (including each preliminary prospectus)
and any amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons reasonably may request;
the Company hereby consents to the use (in accordance with law) of the
Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto by each Holder and each
underwriter, if any, in connection with the offering and the sale of the
Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto;

                (xi) upon the request of any Holder or underwriter, if any,
enter into such agreements (including underwriting agreements) and make such
representations and warranties and take all such other actions in connection
therewith in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the Transfer
Restricted Securities pursuant to any Shelf Registration Statement contemplated
by this Agreement as may be reasonably requested by such Person in connection
with any sale or resale pursuant to any applicable Shelf Registration Statement
and in such connection, the Company shall:

         (A)    upon request of any Holder or underwriter, if any, furnish (or
                in the case of paragraphs (2) and (3) below, use its reasonable
                best efforts to cause to be furnished) to each Holder or
                underwriter, if any, upon the effectiveness of the Shelf
                Registration Statement:

               (1)    a certificate, dated such date, signed on behalf of the
                      Company by (x) the President or any Vice President and (y)
                      a principal financial or accounting officer of the
                      Company, confirming, as of the date thereof, the matters
                      set forth in Sections 6(dd), 9(a) and 9(b) of the Purchase
                      Agreement and such other similar matters as the Holders
                      may

                                       5
<PAGE>   7
                      reasonably request;

               (2)    make available at reasonable times for inspection by the
                      Holders and underwriters, if any, and any attorney or
                      accountant retained by such Holders, or underwriters, if
                      any, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate
                      documents of the Company and cause the Company's officers,
                      directors and employees to supply all information
                      reasonably requested by any such Holder, underwriters, if
                      any, attorney or accountant in connection with such Shelf
                      Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
                      thereto subsequent to the filing thereof and prior to its
                      effectiveness, PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the foregoing
                      inspection and information gathering shall be coordinated
                      by one counsel designated by the Holders and that such
                      persons shall first agree in writing with the Company that
                      any information that is designated in writing by the
                      Company, in good faith, as confidential at the time of
                      delivery of such information shall be kept confidential by
                      such person, unless such disclosure is made in connection
                      with a court proceeding or required by law, or such
                      information becomes available to the public generally or
                      through a third party without an accompanying obligation
                      of confidentiality;

               (3)    in the case of an underwritten offering, an opinion, dated
                      the date effectiveness of the Shelf Registration
                      Statement, of counsel for the Company covering matters
                      similar to those set forth in paragraph (e) of Section 9
                      of the Purchase Agreement and such other matter as the
                      selling Holders may reasonably request, and in any event
                      including a statement to the effect that such counsel has
                      participated in conferences with officers and other
                      representatives of the Company, representatives of the
                      independent public accountants for the Company and have
                      considered the matters required to be stated therein and
                      the statements contained therein, although such counsel
                      has not independently verified the accuracy, completeness
                      or fairness of such statements; and that such counsel
                      advises that, on the basis of the foregoing (relying as to
                      materiality to the extent such counsel deems appropriate
                      upon the statements of officers and other representatives
                      of the Company), no facts came to such counsel's attention
                      that caused such counsel to believe that the Shelf
                      Registration Statement, at the time such Shelf
                      Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
                      thereto became effective, contained an untrue statement of
                      a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
                      required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
                      statements therein not misleading, or that the Prospectus
                      contained in such Shelf Registration Statement as of its
                      date, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or
                      omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to
                      make the statements therein, in the light of the
                      circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
                      Without limiting the foregoing, such counsel may state
                      further that such counsel assumes no responsibility for,
                      and has not independently verified, the accuracy,
                      completeness or fairness of the financial statements,
                      notes and schedules and other financial data included in
                      any Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement
                      or the related Prospectus; and

               (4)    a customary comfort letter, dated as of the date of
                      effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement from the
                      Company's independent accountants, in the customary form
                      and covering matters of the type customarily covered in
                      comfort letters to underwriters in connection with
                      underwritten offerings, and affirming the matters set
                      forth in the comfort letters delivered pursuant to Section
                      9(g) of the Purchase Agreement; and

         (B)    deliver such other documents and certificates as may be
                reasonably requested by the Holders

                                       6
<PAGE>   8
                and underwriters, if any, to evidence compliance with the
                matters set forth in clause (A) above and with any customary
                conditions contained in any agreement entered into by the
                Company pursuant to this clause (xiii);

                (xii) prior to any public offering of Transfer Restricted
Securities, cooperate with the Holders, underwriters, if any, and their
respective counsel in connection with the registration and qualification of the
Transfer Restricted Securities under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such
jurisdictions as such Persons may request and do any and all other acts or
things necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of
the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the applicable Registration
Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register
or qualify as a foreign corporation where it is not now so qualified or to take
any action that would subject it to the service of process in suits or to
taxation, other than as to matters and transactions relating to the Shelf
Registration Statement, in any jurisdiction where it is not now so subject;

                (xiii) in connection with any sale of Transfer Restricted
Securities that will result in such securities no longer being Transfer
Restricted Securities, cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing Transfer Restricted
Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends; and to register
such Transfer Restricted Securities in such denominations and such names as the
Holders may request at least two Business Days prior to such sale of Transfer
Restricted Securities;

                (xiv) (A) list all Shares of Common Stock covered by such Shelf
Registration Statement on any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is
then listed or (B) authorize for quotation on the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("Nasdaq") or the National Market
System of Nasdaq all Shares of Common Stock covered by such Shelf Registration
Statement if the Common Stock is then so authorized for quotation.

                (xv) use its reasonable best efforts to cause the disposition of
the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement
to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or
authorities as may be necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof to
consummate the disposition of such Transfer Restricted Securities, subject to
the proviso contained in clause (xiv) above;

                (xvi) provide a CUSIP number for all Transfer Restricted
Securities not later than the effective date of a Shelf Registration Statement
covering such Transfer Restricted Securities and provide the Trustee under the
Indenture with certificates for the Transfer Restricted Securities which are in
a form eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Company;

                (xvii) otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and make generally available
to its security holders with regard to any applicable Registration Statement, as
soon as practicable, a consolidated earnings statement meeting the requirements
of Rule 158 (which need not be audited) covering a twelve-month period beginning
after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as such term is defined
in paragraph (c) of Rule 158 under the Act);

                (xviii) if underwritten, make appropriate officers of the
Company available to the underwriters for meetings with prospective purchasers
of the Transfer Restricted Securities and prepare and present to potential
investors customary "road show" material in a manner consistent with other new
issuances of other securities similar to the Transfer Restricted Securities; and

                (xix) cause the Indenture to be qualified under the TIA not
later than the effective date of the

                                       7
<PAGE>   9
Shelf Registration Statement required by this Agreement and, in connection
therewith, cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders to effect such changes to
the Indenture as may be required for such Indenture to be so qualified in
accordance with the terms of the TIA; and execute and use its best efforts to
cause the Trustee to execute, all documents that may be required to effect such
changes and all other forms and documents required to be filed with the
Commission to enable such Indenture to be so qualified in a timely manner; and

                (xx) provide promptly to each Holder upon request each document
filed with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section
15(d) of the Exchange Act.

           (b) Restrictions on Holders. Each Holder agrees by acquisition of a
Transfer Restricted Security that, upon receipt of the notice referred to in
Section 5(a)(v)(C) or any notice from the Company of the existence of any fact
of the kind described in Section 5(a)(v)(D) hereof (in each case, a "SUSPENSION
NOTICE"), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Transfer
Restricted Securities pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement until
(i) such Holder's has received copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus
contemplated by Section 5(a)(vi) hereof, or (ii) such Holder is advised in
writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed, and has
received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated
by reference in the Prospectus (in each case, the "RECOMMENCEMENT DATE"). Each
Holder receiving a Suspension Notice hereby agrees that it will either (i)
destroy any Prospectuses, other than permanent file copies, then in such
Holder's possession which have been replaced by the Company with more recently
dated Prospectuses or (ii) deliver to the Company (at the Company's expense) all
copies, other than permanent file copies, then in such Holder's possession of
the Prospectus covering such Transfer Restricted Securities that was current at
the time of receipt of the Suspension Notice. The time period regarding the
effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement set forth in Section 3 hereof,
shall be extended by a number of days equal to the number of days in the period
from and including the date of delivery of the Suspension Notice to the date of
delivery of the Recommencement Date.


SECTION 6.      REGISTRATION EXPENSES

           (a) All expenses incident to the Company's performance of or
compliance with this Agreement will be borne by the Company, regardless of
whether a Shelf Registration Statement required by this Agreement becomes
effective, including without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees
and expenses; (ii) all fees and expenses of compliance with federal securities
and state Blue Sky or securities laws; (iii) all expenses of printing (including
printing certificates for the Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the
Notes and printing of Prospectuses), messenger and delivery services and
telephone; (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company (subject
to clause (b) below); (v) all application and filing fees in connection with
listing the Common Stock on a national securities exchange or automated
quotation system pursuant to the requirements hereof; and (vi) all fees and
disbursements of independent certified public accountants of the Company
(including the expenses of any special audit and comfort letters required by or
incident to such performance).

           The Company will, in any event, bear its internal expenses
(including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and
employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expenses of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses of any Person, including special experts,
retained by the Company.

           (b) In connection with any Shelf Registration Statement required by
this Agreement, the

                                       8
<PAGE>   10
Company will reimburse the Initial Purchasers and the Holders selling Transfer
Restricted Securities pursuant to the "Plan of Distribution" contained in the
Shelf Registration Statement, for the reasonable fees and disbursements of not
more than one counsel, who shall be Ropes & Gray, unless another firm shall be
chosen by the Holders of a majority in principal amount (number of shares, if
applicable) of the Transfer Restricted Securities for whose benefit such Shelf
Registration Statement is being prepared.


SECTION 7.      INDEMNIFICATION

           (a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder,
its directors, its officers and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
judgments, (including without limitation, any legal or other expenses incurred
in connection with investigating or defending any matter, including any action
that could give rise to any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
judgments) caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in any Shelf Registration Statement, preliminary
prospectus or Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) provided by
the Company to any Holder or any prospective purchaser of registered Notes or
registered shares of Common Stock or caused by any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or judgments are caused by an untrue statement or
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission that is based upon information
relating to any of the Holders furnished in writing to the Company by any of the
Holders.

           (b) Each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities agrees, severally
and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors
and officers, and each person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) the Company, to the
same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company set forth in Section
7(a) above, but only with reference to information relating to such Holder
furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in any
Registration Statement. In no event shall any Holder, its directors, its
officers or any Person, if any, who controls such Holder be liable or
responsible for any amount in excess of the amount by which the total amount
received by such Holder with respect to its sale of Transfer Restricted
Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement exceeds (i) the amount
paid by such Holder for such Transfer Restricted Securities and (ii) the amount
of any damages that such Holder, its directors, its officers or any Person, if
any, who controls such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of
such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

           (c) In case any action shall be commenced involving any person in
respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 7(a) or 7(b) (the
"INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), the indemnified party shall promptly notify the person
against whom such indemnity may be sought (the "INDEMNIFYING PERSON") in writing
and the indemnifying party shall assume the defense of such action, including
the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party and
the payment of all fees and expenses of such counsel, as incurred (except that
in the case of any action in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to both Sections 7(a) and 7(b), a Holder shall not be required to assume the
defense of such action pursuant to this Section 7(c), but may employ separate
counsel and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of
such counsel, except as provided below, shall be at the expense of the Holder).
Any indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of
such counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnified party unless (i) the
employment of such counsel shall have been specifically authorized in writing by
the indemnifying party, (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume
the defense of such action or

                                       9
<PAGE>   11
employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party or (iii) the
named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both
the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, and the indemnified party
shall have been advised by such counsel that there may be one or more legal
defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those
available to the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party shall
not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf of the
indemnified party). In any such case, the indemnifying party shall not, in
connection with any one action or separate but substantially similar or related
actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or
circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate
firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) for all indemnified parties
and all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Such
firm shall be designated in writing by a majority of the Holders, in the case of
the parties indemnified pursuant to Section 7(a), and by the Company, in the
case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 7(b). The indemnifying party
shall indemnify and hold harmless the indemnified party from and against any and
all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and judgments by reason of any
settlement of any action effected with its written consent. No indemnifying
party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect
any settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of judgment with
respect to, any pending or threatened action in respect of which the indemnified
party is or could have been a party and indemnity or contribution may be or
could have been sought hereunder by the indemnified party, unless such
settlement, compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release of the
indemnified party from all liability on claims that are or could have been the
subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an
admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of the
indemnified party.

           (d) To the extent that the indemnification provided for in this
Section 7 is unavailable to an indemnified party in respect of any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or judgments referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, shall
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result
of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or judgments (i) in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holders, on the other hand, from their sale of Transfer
Restricted Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause 7(d)(i) is
not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
not only the relative benefits referred to in clause 7(d)(i) above but also the
relative fault of the Company on the one hand, and of the Holders, on the other
hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or judgments, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand,
and of the Holders, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or by the Holders, on the
other hand, and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

           The Company and each Holder agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7(d) were determined by pro
rata allocation (even if the Holders were treated as one entity for such
purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. The
amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or judgments referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set
forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such indemnified party in
connection with investigating or defending any matter, including any action that
could have given rise to such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or judgments.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Holder or its related
Indemnified Holders shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any
amount in excess of the amount by which the total received by such Holder with
respect to the sale of its Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to a

                                       10
<PAGE>   12
Registration Statement exceeds (i) the amount paid by such Holder for such
Transfer Restricted Securities and (ii) the amount of any damages which such
Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be
entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. The Holders' obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 7(d) are several in proportion to the respective principal amount of
Transfer Restricted Securities held by each of the Holders hereunder and not
joint.


SECTION 8.      RULE 144A AND RULE 144

           The Company agrees with each Holder, for so long as any Transfer
Restricted Securities remain outstanding and during any period in which the
Company (i) is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, to make
available, upon request of any Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities, to any
Holder or beneficial owner of Transfer Restricted Securities in connection with
any sale thereof and any prospective purchaser of Transfer Restricted Securities
designated by such Holder or beneficial owner, the information required by Rule
144A(d)(4) under the Act in order to permit resales of such Transfer Restricted
Securities pursuant to Rule 144A, and (ii) is subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, to make all filings required thereby in a timely manner in
order to permit resales of such Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to Rule
144.


SECTION 9.      UNDERWRITTEN REGISTRATIONS

           (a) If any of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by any Shelf
Registration Statement are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the
investment banker or investment bankers and manager or managers that will
administer the offering will be selected by the Holders of a majority in amount
of such Transfer Restricted Securities included in such offering, subject to the
consent of the Company (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

           No Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities may participate in any
underwritten registration hereunder unless such Holder (i) agrees to sell its
Transfer Restricted Securities on the basis reasonably provided in any
underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to approve
such arrangements and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of
attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

           (b) Each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities agrees, if
requested (pursuant to a timely written notice) by the managing underwriters in
an underwritten offering made pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement, not to
effect any private sale or distribution (including a sale pursuant to Rule
144(k) and Rule 144A, but excluding non-public sales to any of its affiliates,
officers, directors, employees and controlling persons) of any of the Notes, in
the case of an underwritten offering of the Notes, or the Common Stock, in the
case of an underwritten offering of shares of Common Stock constituting Transfer
Restricted Securities, during the period beginning not more than 20 days prior
to, and ending 90 days after, the closing date of such underwritten offering.

           The foregoing provisions of Section 9(b) shall not apply to any
Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities if such Holder is prevented by
applicable statute or regulation from entering into any such agreement.

                                       11
<PAGE>   13
           (c) If any of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by any Shelf
Registration are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the underwriters, their
controlling persons and their respective officers, directors, employees,
representatives and agents shall be entitled to indemnity (substantially similar
to the indemnity set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement) from the Company and
the Holders, which indemnity may be set forth in an underwriting agreement.


SECTION 10.     MISCELLANEOUS

           (a) Remedies. The Company acknowledges and agrees that any failure by
the Company to comply with its obligations under Section 3 hereof may result in
material irreparable injury to the Initial Purchasers or the Holders for which
there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure
damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of any such failure,
the Initial Purchasers or any Holder may obtain such relief as may be required
to specifically enforce the Company's obligations under Section 3 hereof. The
Company further agrees to waive the defense in any action for specific
performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. Other than the equitable
remedy of specific enforcement, the sole damages payable for a violation of the
terms of this Agreement for which Special Interest is expressly provided in
Section 2 of the Notes shall be such Special Interest.

           (b) No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not, on or after the
date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities
that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or
otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except pursuant to the
agreements listed on Annex A, the Company has not previously entered into any
agreement (which has not expired or been terminated) granting any registration
rights with respect to its securities to any Person. The rights granted to the
Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and are not inconsistent with
the rights granted to the holders of the Company's securities under any
agreement in effect on the date hereof that has not been waived.

           (c) No Piggybacks on Shelf Registration Statement. The Company shall
not grant to any of its security holders (other than the holders of Transfer
Restricted Securities in such capacity) the right to include any of its
securities in any Shelf Registration Statement provided for in this Agreement
other than the Transfer Restricted Securities.

           (d) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not
be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to or departures
from the provisions hereof may not be given unless (I) in the case of this
Section 10(d)(I), the Company has obtained the written consent of all
outstanding Transfer Restricted Securities and (II) in the case of all other
provisions hereof, the Company has obtained the written consent of Holders of a
majority of the outstanding principal amount (and shares, if applicable) of
Transfer Restricted Securities (excluding Transfer Restricted Securities held by
the Company or its Affiliates).

           (e) Third Party Beneficiary. The Holders shall be third party
beneficiaries to the agreements made hereunder between the Company, on the one
hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and shall have the right to
enforce such agreements directly to the extent they may deem such enforcement
necessary or advisable to protect its rights or the rights of Holders hereunder.

           (f) Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or
permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, first-class mail
(registered or certified, return receipt requested), telex, telecopier, or air
courier guaranteeing overnight delivery:

                                       12
<PAGE>   14
                (i) if to a Holder, at the address set forth on the records of
      the Registrar under the Indenture, with a copy to the Registrar under the
      Indenture; and

                (ii) if to the Company:

                      Akamai Technologies, Inc.
                      500 Technology Square
                      Cambridge, MA  02139

                      Telecopier No.:
                      Attention:  General Counsel

                      With a copy to:

                      Hale and Dorr LLP
                      60 State Street
                      Boston, MA  02109

                      Telecopier No.:  617-526-5000
                      Attention:  John Chory/Susan Murley

           All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly
given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business
Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt
acknowledged, if telecopied; and on the next business day, if timely delivered
to an air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery.

           Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications shall be
concurrently delivered by the Person giving the same to the Trustee at the
address specified in the Indenture.

           (g) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties,
including, without limitation and without the need for an express assignment,
subsequent Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities; provided, that nothing
herein shall be deemed to permit any assignment, transfer or other disposition
of Transfer Restricted Securities in violation of the terms hereof or of the
Purchase Agreement or the Indenture. If any transferee of any Holder shall
acquire Transfer Restricted Securities in any manner, whether by operation of
law or otherwise, such Transfer Restricted Securities shall be held subject to
all of the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such Transfer
Restricted Securities such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed to
be bound by and to perform all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
including the restrictions on resale set forth in this Agreement and, if
applicable, the Purchase Agreement, and such Person shall be entitled to receive
the benefits hereof.

           (h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

           (i) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

           (j) Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO

                                       13
<PAGE>   15
THE CONFLICT OF LAW RULES THEREOF.

           (k) Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of
any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions
contained herein shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

           (l) Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a
final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive
statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of
the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions, promises,
warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein
with respect to the registration rights granted with respect to the Transfer
Restricted Securities. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.


                                       14
<PAGE>   16
         (The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)


                                       15
<PAGE>   17
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                     AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                     By:
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:
<PAGE>   18
DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE SECURITIES CORPORATION
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED
SALOMON SMITH BARNEY
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS, LLC

By:  DONALDSON, LUFKIN & JENRETTE SECURITIES CORPORATION



By:
   -----------------------------------
    Name:
    Title:

By:  MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED



By:
   ----------------------------------
    Name:
    Title:
<PAGE>   19
                                                                         ANNEX A


                      AGREEMENTS AS TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS


Fourth Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement

INTERVU Inc. and Josephthal & Co. Inc. and Cruttenden Roth Incorporated
Advisors' Warrant Agreement Dated as of June 18, 1998

INTERVU Inc. and Josephthal Lyon & Ross Incorporated and Cruttenden Roth
Incorporated Advisors' Warrant Agreement Dated as of November 19, 1997

Declaration of Registration Rights, dated as of January 24, 2000, by and between
Akamai Technologies, Inc. and Network24 Communications, Inc.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
