-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OsRBOEVDeuEIDHhqCV7Zf9XyGxgLOuBsdDS/viOGySeh8BZGv+pzeZhg853l/qNC
 mj8+dkylgCePIrzBtL171Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001000180-97-000002.txt : 19970314
<SEC-HEADER>0001000180-97-000002.hdr.sgml : 19970314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000180-97-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19961231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970313
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
		FILM NUMBER:		97555640

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3270 JAY ST
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3270 JAY ST
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>





                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

  X    Annual  report  pursuant  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  
- -----  Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996 or

       Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act
- -----  of 1934

Commission File No. 0-26734

                               SANDISK CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Delaware                                    77-0191793
      (State or other jurisdiction of                      (IRS Employer
      incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California                       94089
  (Address of principal executive office)                    (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 542-0500

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                             Name of each exchange
            Title of each class               on which registered
                   None                              None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.01 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                                Yes X  No
                                   ---   ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [ ].

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant,  based upon the closing  sale price of the Common  Stock on February
28, 1997 as reported on the NASDAQ  National  Market System,  was  approximately
$297,564,697.  Shares of Common  Stock held by each  officer and director and by
each  person  who owns 5% or more of the  outstanding  Common  Stock  have  been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate  status is not  necessarily  a conclusive  determination  for other
purposes.

As of February  28,  1997,  Registrant  had  22,457,713  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy  Statement for the Annual  Meeting to be held on April 18,
1997 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



<PAGE>





                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                          1996 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                Table of Contents

                                     PART I
                                                                       Page No.

Item 1.   Business                                                        1

Item 2.   Properties                                                     17

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                                              18

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders            18

          Executive Officers of the Registrant                           19

                             PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters                                            20

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                                        21

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
          Condition and Results of Operations                            22

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                    26

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure                            42

                            PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant             43

Item 11.  Executive Compensation                                         43

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management                                                     43

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                 43

                             PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules, and Reports
          on Form 8-K                                                    44

          Signatures                                                     47




<PAGE>



                                     PART I


ITEM 1.    BUSINESS

    Certain  statements  in  this  discussion  of  the  Company's  business  and
elsewhere  in this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for 1996 are  forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth below under "Risk Factors".

    SanDisk  Corporation  designs,  manufactures and markets  industry-standard,
solid-state  data,  image and audio  storage  products  using  proprietary  high
density flash memory and  controller  technologies.  The Company's  products are
designed for a broad range of applications  in the four markets  targeted by the
Company:  industrial,  communications,  highly  portable  computing and consumer
electronics.  The Company's products include removable FlashDisk cards, embedded
FlashDrives and Chipsets, and removable CompactFlash(TM) products.

    The Company's strategy includes focusing on technological  innovation in the
development of new  generations of flash memory devices and reducing the cost of
its flash data storage  products in order to promote  broader  acceptance of the
Company's  products  in its  target  markets.  The  Company  believes  that  the
widespread  acceptance  of industry  standards  is  important  to the  continued
development  of the market for flash data  storage  and as such seeks to promote
and adhere to industry standards.

Industry Background

    The traditional data storage market encompasses  several types of memory and
storage devices designed primarily for specific  components of computer systems.
Dynamic random access memory ("DRAM") provides main system memory; static random
access memory ("SRAM")  provides  specialized  and high speed memory;  hard disk
drives  provide high capacity  data  storage;  and floppy disk drives permit low
capacity  removable  data  storage.  In  recent  years,  digital  computing  and
processing  have expanded beyond the boundaries of desktop  computer  systems to
include  a broader  array of  electronic  systems.  These  new  devices  include
handheld data  collection  terminals,  medical  monitors,  mobile  communication
systems,  highly  portable  computers,  digital  cameras,  cellular  telephones,
communications  switches,   wireless  base  stations,   network  computers,  pay
telephones, digital audio recorders and other electronic systems. These emerging
applications   have  storage   requirements  that  are  not  well  addressed  by
traditional  storage  solutions.  These  requirements  include small form factor
size, high  reliability,  low power  consumption and the capability to withstand
high levels of shock and vibration and extreme temperature fluctuations. Because
storage   products   based  on  flash   semiconductor   technology   meet  those
requirements,  these devices and systems represent new market  opportunities for
flash  storage  systems.  These  markets  can  be  broadly  categorized  as  the
industrial,  communications,  highly portable computing and consumer electronics
markets.

Memory Technology

    In the late  1980s,  a new memory  technology,  known as flash  memory,  was
developed as an extension of ultraviolet erasable programmable  read-only memory
("EPROM").  Flash  memory is  non-volatile,  unlike DRAM and SRAM,  requiring no
power to retain data and is  electrically  reprogrammable,  unlike EPROM.  Flash
memory has the potential to satisfy the  requirements  for flash data storage in
applications in the markets  described above,  although the most common types of
flash memory,  "socket flash" and "linear  flash," are not well suited for these
purposes.

    Socket flash is being used as a replacement for EPROMs in applications  such
as embedded  firmware or  microcode  storage in computer  systems.  Typical chip
densities  for socket  flash  range from 1Mbit to 16Mbit.  Socket  flash is well
suited for read often/write  infrequently  applications,  as the erase times are
relatively slow (typically one second per block or sector). In addition,  socket
flash has not been optimized for defect  management.  With frequent  erase/write
operations,  bits in flash storage media deteriorate over time. As a result, the
longevity  and  durability  of  socket  flash  chips  in  frequent   erase/write
applications is limited.  Also,  socket flash chips,  because they are optimized
for fast read access rather than low cost,  are  relatively  large and expensive
memory chips.

                                       1
<PAGE>

    More  recently,  technology  known as linear flash has been  developed  that
permits socket flash chips to be used in data storage  applications with the use
of separate flash file system (FFS) software. While linear flash cards provide a
low cost mass storage solution, they provide no built-in intelligence,  and rely
instead on the host  microprocessor  and the specialized flash file system (FFS)
software to manage the socket  flash chips as a mass data storage  device.  This
limits the portability of linear flash cards between different systems,  as well
as their ability to be upgraded for use in future generation  products. A linear
flash  card  used for data  storage  in one  system  may not be  usable in other
systems because of potential incompatibilities in the host processors as well as
the operating system software used in the two systems.  Furthermore,  because of
differences  in the socket flash of various  suppliers,  linear flash cards from
one  manufacturer  may not  function  properly  with flash file system  software
designed for linear flash cards from other manufacturers.

    In summary,  customers in the  industrial,  communications,  highly portable
computing and consumer  electronics  markets are seeking data storage  solutions
which  satisfy  the  requirements  that are not well  addressed  by  traditional
storage  solutions  such as hard disk  drives and DRAM or by linear  flash cards
based on socket flash memory chips.

SanDisk Technology

    Since its  inception,  the Company has focused its research and  development
efforts on developing  cost-effective flash memory storage products to address a
number of  emerging  markets.  The  Company  has been  actively  involved in all
aspects of this development,  including flash memory process  development,  chip
design,  controller  development  and  system-level  integration  to ensure  the
creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are compatible
with both  existing  and new system  platforms.  The Company  believes  its core
technical  competencies  are in high density  flash  memory  process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low cost
system test.

    To achieve  compatibility among various electronic  platforms  regardless of
the  host  processor  or  operating  system  used,  the  Company  developed  new
capabilities in flash memory chip design,  created a new intelligent  controller
and  developed  an  architecture  that could  leverage  advances in flash memory
process  technology  to ensure a scaleable,  high-yielding,  cost-effective  and
highly reliable manufacturing process. The Company believes that these technical
competencies  and the  Company's  system  design  approach  have  enabled  it to
introduce  flash data  storage  products  that are better  suited for its target
markets than linear flash cards based on socket flash chips.

    The Company designs its products to be compatible with industry-standard IDE
and ATA interfaces used in all IBM compatible  PCs. To achieve this design,  the
Company uses a 512 Byte memory  sector size that  requires a departure  from the
typical  socket flash chip design.  By decreasing the sector size to be the same
as the sector size of all 3.5 inch, 2.5 inch and 1.8 inch hard disk drives,  the
Company was able to achieve  compatibility  with Windows 95, Windows NT, Windows
CE, Macintosh OS System 7.0 and other operating systems.

    The  Company's   proprietary   intelligent   controller   coupled  with  the
intelligent controller's advanced defect management system permits the Company's
products  to achieve a high level of  reliability  and  longevity.  This  defect
management  system is able to detect bit  "wearout," a common problem with flash
memory.  Late bit failure can occur several years into the life of a product and
can be difficult to detect with  traditional  flash  technology.  The  Company's
defect  management  system  automatically  detects  bits that have failed or are
likely to fail due to the number of erase/write  cycles such bits have undergone
and switches memory to spare good bits incorporated into the design.  The system
also allows the automatic  substitution of entire sectors or major blocks of the
memory chip.  Additionally,  the controller  operates an error  correcting  code
which is stored  simultaneously  with the data and is used to detect and correct
any errors when the data is read. This design permits the Company's  products to
maintain  error-free  operation for hundreds of thousands of erase/write  cycles
and reduces  manufacturing  costs by allowing the Company to incorporate partial
die with  less  than 100% of the  physical  bits on each chip into the  products
without loss of  functionality.  To date,  the Company has  received  over fifty
patents covering its proprietary flash memory, intelligent controller system and
defect management system.

    The flash process and flash memory chip designs  developed by the Company in
cooperation with its development  partners make the Company's products scaleable
over several generations of semiconductor  fabrication  processes.  This feature
has  allowed  the  Company  to  significantly  reduce its cost per  megabyte  of
capacity as each

                                       2
<PAGE>


new process  generation  is  qualified.  By  maintaining  the same basic  design
parameters,   each   generation  of  the  Company's   products   maintains  full
compatibility with prior generations. This chip architecture, which incorporates
three polysilicon  layers and one metal layer, as well as a virtual ground array
and a split gate  transistor  cell,  has allowed  the  Company to  significantly
reduce cell size and thereby chip size.  This has  permitted  increased  storage
capacity in PC Card and  smaller  platforms.  The  Company's  proprietary  flash
process  requires  some   modifications   to  the  typical  CMOS   semiconductor
fabrication  process,  but can be implemented on existing  advanced  fabrication
lines  without  the need for special  materials  or  equipment.  The Company has
successfully implemented its process at Matsushita and at LG Semicon.

    The Company also has developed core competencies in low cost  micropackaging
technology  as well as low  cost  batch  testing,  both of which  are  important
elements in building high capacity flash cards to high reliability  standards at
a competitive cost.

Applications and Markets for Flash Data Storage

    The Company is targeting the  industrial,  communications,  highly  portable
computing and consumer electronics markets for its flash data storage products.

    Industrial Market.  Emerging applications in the industrial market encompass
a wide  variety  of  electronic  systems  used by  personnel  such as  inventory
controllers, service technicians, route salesmen, delivery crews, meter readers,
car-rental service employees,  physicians,  real estate agents, insurance agents
and  public  safety  officers.  The  systems  used by these  workers  are  often
subjected  to rough  handling,  used in a variety of  temperature  and  humidity
conditions and required to operate for extended periods of time without external
power sources or frequent  battery changes.  The information  collected by these
individuals is critical to the successful  operation of their business or agency
and hence must be stored reliably  regardless of the operating  environment.  In
addition,  the information is frequently  processed at some point (typically the
end of the work day or night) by a computer  system and must therefore be easily
transferable.

    Communications  Market. The communications  market has applications that are
beginning  to require new types of data  storage.  For  example,  communications
switches and cellular base stations require data storage in environments such as
subway  stations  or  outdoor  telephone  booths  that are  subject to shock and
vibration  and a wide range of  temperature  and humidity  conditions.  High-end
cellular  telephones and personal  communicators  need small form factor storage
that is shock and vibration tolerant and has low power requirements.

    Highly Portable  Computing  Market.  Flash data storage products are used in
the highly portable  segment of the computer market where the use of traditional
storage devices,  such as hard disk drives,  is not viable.  Certain segments of
the  computer   market  have  begun  to  require  new  types  of  data  storage,
particularly  highly  portable  handheld  computers,  electronic  organizers and
personal  digital  assistants.  These systems can take advantage of mass storage
with small form factors,  shock and vibration  tolerance,  low power consumption
and compatibility with industry standard computer operating systems.

    Consumer  Electronics  Market.  The increasingly  digital nature of consumer
electronics goods has created requirements for non-traditional data storage. For
example,  a number of major camera and imaging companies have introduced digital
cameras that the Company  believes  will enable  professionals  and consumers to
eliminate  the need for  standard  35mm  photographic  film by replacing it with
re-usable  compact  digital data storage  devices.  Removable and embedded flash
data storage  products  also have the  potential  to be used in two-way  pagers,
voice/audio  recorders,  and digital audio samplers.  These data storage devices
need to have a very small form factor and be  lightweight,  shock and  vibration
tolerant and interoperable  with computer systems and software that can process,
manipulate and print images digitally.

Customers

    In 1996, 1995 and 1994,  sales to the Company's top ten customers  accounted
for  approximately  71%, 80% and 81%,  respectively,  of the  Company's  product
revenues.  During 1996,  Epson Hanbai  accounted  for  approximately  26% of the
Company's  total  revenues.  Three of the  Company's  customers,  Epson  Hanbai,
Kyocera Corporation ("Kyocera") and Hewlett-Packard Company  ("Hewlett-Packard")
accounted for approximately 26%, 14% and 12%

                                       3
<PAGE>


of total  revenues,  respectively,  in 1995.  Epson  Hanbai and  Hewlett-Packard
accounted for  approximately  20% and 19% of total  revenues,  respectively,  in
1994.  The Company  expects  that sales of its  products to a limited  number of
customers will continue to account for a substantial portion of its revenues for
the foreseeable future. The Company has also experienced  significant changes in
the  composition  of its major  customer base from year to year and expects this
pattern to continue as certain customers increase or decrease their purchases of
the  Company's  products as a result of  fluctuations  in market demand for such
customers'  products.  Sales  to the  Company's  customers  are  generally  made
pursuant to standard purchase orders rather than long-term  contracts.  The loss
of, or  significant  reduction in purchases by, the Company's  major  customers,
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition  and  results of  operations.  See "Item 1:  Business  - Risk  Factors
Customer Concentration."

Products

    SanDisk's  storage  products are high  capacity,  solid-state,  non-volatile
flash  memory  products  which  comply  with PC Card  ATA  and/or  IDE  industry
standards. The Company offers a broad line of flash data storage system products
in terms of capacities,  form factors, operating voltage and temperature ranges.
The Company's  current  product  families  include  removable  FlashDisk  cards,
embedded  FlashDrive  products,  removable  CompactFlasho  products,  and  Flash
ChipSets. All products use the Company's proprietary 512 Byte sector erase flash
memory chips and intelligent  controller.  The Company's products are compatible
with virtually all of today's computing and communications  systems. The Company
also offers several adapters for use with certain of its products. The Company's
products, as of December 31, 1996, are listed in the following table:

- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------
                                               Uncompressed Capacity
Product Family     Form Factor                 (in megabytes)
- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  FlashDisk        PC Card Type II             2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 20, 40, 85, 150
                   --------------------------- ---------------------------------
                   --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  (Removable)      PC Card Type III            110, 175, 300
                   --------------------------- ---------------------------------
- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  FlashDrive       1.3 inches                  4, 10, 20, 40, 60
                   --------------------------- ---------------------------------
                   --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  (Embedded)       1.8 inches                  4, 10, 20, 40, 80, 140
- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  CompactFlash TM  36.4 mm x 42.8 mm x 3.3 mm  2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 15, 20
  (Removable)
- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------
  Flash ChipSet    2 chips                     2, 4, 10
  (Embedded)
- ------------------ --------------------------- ---------------------------------

    Unlike  rotating disk drives,  the Company's  flash products are solid-state
devices.  The Company's  products are very  reliable.  They have no moving parts
that are subject to mechanical failure. The Company's products are non-volatile,
meaning  that no on-going  source of power is required in order for the products
to retain data, images or audio indefinitely.  Flash is noiseless,  considerably
lighter,  more rugged and consumes less than 10 percent of the power required by
a rotating  disk drive.  All of the  Company's  products  are small enough to be
employed  in mobile  systems  while  the two  smallest,  CompactFlash  and Flash
ChipSet,  are  small  enough  to be  used in  many  of the  newer,  miniaturized
electronic systems being developed today. The ruggedness levels of the Company's
products range as high as 2,000G's,  an operating  shock rating  equivalent to a
10-foot drop to the floor.

    FlashDisk. The Company's FlashDisk products are used in storage, data backup
and data transport  applications and are the highest-capacity  removable PC Card
ATA cards currently available.  FlashDisk products are available in Type II form
factor with  capacities  ranging from 2MB to 150MB and Type III form factor with
capacities ranging from 110MB to 300MB.

    FlashDrive.  The Company's FlashDrives in 1.3 inch and 1.8 inch form factors
are  targeted at  applications  that  require  embedded  data  storage  devices.
FlashDrives  offer rugged,  portable,  low-power  data storage and are "plug and
play"  replacements  for  rotating  IDE  drives  making  them  ideal for  mobile
computers,  communication  devices  and  other  systems  that  require  embedded
storage.  Capacities of the Company's  FlashDrive products range between 4MB and
60MB for the 1.3 inch product and between 4MB and 140MB for the 1.8 inch product

    CompactFlash.  The Company's  CompactFlash products provide full PC Card ATA
functionality  but are only  one-fourth  the size of a standard Type II PC card.
CompactFlash's  compact size,  ruggedness  and low-power  requirements  and 3.3V
features  make it ideal for a range of current and  next-generation,  small form
factor consumer

                                       4
<PAGE>


applications  such  as  digital  cameras,   cellular  phones,   PDAs,   personal
communicators,   pagers  and  audio  recorders.  CompactFlash  products  provide
interoperability  with  systems  based upon the PC Card ATA  standard by using a
passive Type II adapter.  CompactFlash  is available in capacities  ranging from
2MB to 20MB.

    The CompactFlash  Association  ("CFA") is actively promoting the development
of products using CompactFlash.  Founding members of the CFA are Apple Computer,
Inc.,  Canon  Inc.,  Eastman  Kodak Co.,  Hewlett-Packard  Company,  LG Semicon,
Matsushita  Electric  Industrial  Co.  (Panasonic),  Motorola,  NEC  Corporation
("NEC"),  Polaroid Corp.,  Seagate Technology,  Inc. ("Seagate") and Seiko Epson
Corp.  During the fourth quarter of 1996, the number of member  companies in the
CompactFlash  Association reached sixty one. CompactFlash has been designed into
more than seventy new products  including digital cameras,  handheld PC's, audio
recorders,  medical  monitors  and other  industrial  products.  The  Company is
currently   working  with  several  leading  camera  and  imaging  companies  to
facilitate  the use of FlashDisk and  CompactFlash  products in next  generation
digital  cameras.  However,  there can be no assurance that the digital  cameras
employing these units will become a widely adopted new product category.

    Flash ChipSet.  The Flash ChipSet  product  provides a very small  footprint
solid-state  ATA mass storage system.  The Flash ChipSet  product  consists of a
single chip ATA controller and a flash memory chip for the 2MB and 4MB models or
a memory module  comprised of multiple  flash memory chips for the 10MB product.
It  provides  full PC Card ATA and IDE disk  drive  compatibility  in a chip set
format.

    The majority of the Company's sales in 1996, 1995 and 1994 were of FlashDisk
cards. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors - Dependence on Emerging Markets and
New Products."

Strategic Manufacturing Relationships

    An  important  element  of the  Company's  strategy  has  been to  establish
strategic  relationships with leading technology  companies that can provide the
Company  with  access to  leading  edge  semiconductor  manufacturing  capacity,
participate in the development of certain products and assist the Company in the
marketing of its products. This enables the Company to concentrate its resources
on the product design and development  areas where the Company believes it has a
competitive  advantage  and  eliminates  the high cost of owning and operating a
semiconductor  wafer  fabrication  facility.  In this  regard,  the  Company has
developed  strategic   relationships  with  Matsushita  Electronics  Corporation
("Matsushita"),  the Company's  largest supplier of silicon wafers,  LG Semicon,
which  purchased an equity  interest in the Company in March 1995 and NEC, which
entered  into a joint  development  agreement  with the Company in June 1994 for
future  generation  flash chips and which  purchased  an equity  interest in the
Company in January 1995.

    The  Company's  reliance  on  third-party   manufacturers  involves  several
material risks, including shortages of manufacturing  capacity,  reduced control
over delivery  schedules,  quality  assurance,  production  yields and costs. In
addition,   as  a  result  of  the   Company's   dependence   on  foreign  wafer
manufacturers,  the  Company  is  subject  to the risks of  conducting  business
internationally,  including  exchange rate  fluctuations.  See "Item 1: Business
Risk Factors - Dependence on Third Party  Foundries,  Dependence on Key and Sole
Source Suppliers, and International Operations."

Foundries.

    Matsushita.  The  Company  currently  purchases  most  of  its  wafers  from
Matsushita. Matsushita and the Company began cooperation on first generation 0.8
micron flash memory  products in 1990. The Company and  Matsushita  have a joint
cooperation  and  foundry   agreement   covering   16Mbit,   32Mbit  and  64Mbit
semiconductor  devices employing  Matsushita's 0.5 micron process  technology to
manufacture  products  designed  by  the  Company.  Currently,   Matsushita  has
qualified two wafer  production  lines to produce  32Mbit and future  generation
devices for the Company.  The foundry  capacity made available by Matsushita for
the production of 0.5 micron flash wafers during 1996 was sufficient to meet the
Company's  requirements.   Under  the  Company's  wafer  supply  agreement  with
Matsushita  that  expires  April 17, 2000,  the Company is obligated  monthly to
provide a six-month rolling forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.  Except in
limited circumstances and subject to acceptance by Matsushita, the estimates for
the first three months of each forecast  constitute a binding commitment and the
estimates  for months four through six may not increase or decrease by more than
a certain percentage from the previous month's

                                       5
<PAGE>


forecast.  This  limits  the  Company's  ability  to  react  to any  significant
fluctuations  in demand for its  products.  The  Company is  dependent  upon the
foundry to deliver the wafers and to maintain acceptable yields and quality. The
Company generally pays a set price per wafer regardless of yield. The Company is
also engaged in joint development of a 0.4 micron flash process  technology with
Matsushita.  However,  no foundry  agreement has been negotiated with Matsushita
for 0.4 micron wafers. The Company expects to commence limited production of 0.4
micron flash wafers at Matsushita in 1997.

    LG Semicon. In late 1995, the Company qualified LG Semicon to produce 16Mbit
devices  using 0.5 micron  process  technology.  16Mbit  production  wafers were
received by the Company and volume shipments began in the fall of 1995. In 1996,
the Company shifted 100% of its production at LG Semicon to 32Mbit  devices.  LG
Semicon and the Company have a wafer supply agreement which expires November 10,
2000,  pursuant  to  which  the  Company  is  obligated  monthly  to  provide  a
twelve-month rolling forecast of anticipated purchase orders.  Except in limited
circumstances  and subject to  acceptance  by LG Semicon,  the estimates for the
first three  months of each  forecast  constitute a binding  commitment  and the
estimates  for months four  through  twelve may not increase or decrease by more
than a certain  percentage from the previous month's  forecast.  This limits the
Company's  ability to react to any  significant  fluctuations  in demand for its
products. LG Semicon was able to meet all of the Company's wafer requirements in
1996.  The  Company is  dependent  upon the foundry to deliver the wafers and to
maintain acceptable yields and quality.

    NEC. The Company has entered into a joint development  agreement with NEC to
develop  0.35  micron  flash  process  technology  with  products  up to 256Mbit
capacity.  The  Company  and  NEC  intend  to  demonstrate  feasibility  of  the
technology and, assuming  success,  to negotiate a foundry agreement to supply a
portion of the  Company's  future  requirements  for 256Mbit or other devices of
lower  capacity.  The Company  does not expect to ship  products  using  256Mbit
technology until 1998 at the earliest.

    Given the current glut in the wafer foundry  business,  the Company believes
that  shipments of wafers from  Matsushita  and LG Semicon will be sufficient to
meet the Company's anticipated requirements for wafers in the next few quarters.
The  Company's  ability  to  increase  its  revenue  and net  income  in 1997 is
dependent on receiving an  uninterrupted  supply of wafers from both  Matsushita
and LG Semicon. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors - Dependence on Third Party
Foundries."

Test & Assembly.

    The  Company  tests  the  majority  of its  wafers  at its  headquarters  in
Sunnyvale,  California.  Substantially all of the tested wafers are then shipped
to the  Company's  third  party  assembler,  Alphatec  in  Manteca,  California.
Monitoring of the assembly  process is done by statistical  process  control and
audits by the  Company's  personnel.  In the event  that  Alphatec  were to stop
assembling the Company's  products,  it could take at least three to four months
to replace  such loss of capacity.  During the second half of 1996,  the Company
made  substantial  capital  investments and established  in-house  surface mount
lines for the  assembly of the  printed  circuit  boards  used in the  Company's
FlashDisk  and  CompactFlash  products.  See "Item 1:  Business  - Risk  Factors
Dependence on Key and Sole Source Suppliers."

Final Assembly, Systems Test and Configuration.

    The  Company  performs  final  assembly,  testing and  configuration  of all
products at its headquarters in Sunnyvale, California. In July 1996, the Company
moved its corporate  headquarters  from two leased  facilities  totaling  54,000
square  feet in  Santa  Clara to a  leased,  104,000  square  foot  building  in
Sunnyvale.   The  move   allowed  the  Company  to   substantially   expand  its
manufacturing  facility and to move some  production work in-house from off-site
sub-contractors.

Component Suppliers.

     Motorola  supplies the  microcontroller  component for all of the Company's
products.  In 1993,  Motorola and the Company  agreed to customize  the Motorola
68000 core microprocessor to integrate the Company's five chip controller into a
single chip. The small form factor of this single chip integrated  controller is
necessary to produce the  Company's  CompactFlash  products as well as its Flash
ChipSet products. The Company's reliance on Motorola

                                       6
<PAGE>


as it sole source of  microcontrollers  exposes the Company to  interruptions of
supply  that could have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial  condition  and results of  operations.  See "Item 1:  Business - Risk
Factors - Dependence on Key and Sole Source Suppliers."

Quality.

    The  Company's  customers  have  demanding   requirements  for  quality  and
reliability.   To  maximize  quality  and  reliability,   the  Company  monitors
electrical   and  inspection   data  from  its  wafer   foundries  and  assembly
subcontractors.  The Company  monitors  wafer foundry  production for consistent
overall  quality,  reliability  and yield levels.  Most of the  Company's  major
component suppliers and subcontractors have ISO 9001 or 9002 certification.

Seagate Relationship

    The  Company  also has a strategic  relationship  with  Seagate,  which owns
approximately  25% of the  Company's  Common  Stock.  In January  1993,  Seagate
acquired a 25% ownership  interest,  calculated on a fully diluted basis, in the
Company and entered  into a joint  cooperation  agreement  that  provides  for a
strategic  alliance  between the  parties.  Seagate has the option to market the
Company's  products  commencing  in  January  1999  and  at  that  time  may  be
established  as a  distributor  for the  Company's  products.  If the  option is
exercised,  the Company and Seagate will coordinate  their efforts so that up to
one-third of the Company's  worldwide net revenues from all flash products could
be generated from sales of the Company's  flash products  through  Seagate.  The
joint  cooperation  agreement  also  provides  that  each  party  will  have the
exclusive right to market to certain customers.  The joint cooperation agreement
will  terminate  if, among other  things,  Seagate's  ownership  interest in the
Company  falls  below 10% or, on or after  January 15,  2000,  upon at least one
year's advance  written notice by the Company to Seagate.  Seagate has the right
to nominate one director to the Company's  Board of Directors.  Alan F. Shugart,
Seagate's Chairman,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  serves as Seagate's
nominee to the Company's Board of Directors. See "Item 13: Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions."

Research and Development

    The Company  believes  that its future  success will depend on the continued
development  and   introduction  of  new  generations  of  flash  memory  chips,
controllers  and  products  designed  specifically  for the flash  data  storage
market.  To date, the Company has developed and put into  production  flash data
storage  products  utilizing  semiconductor  devices with the  following  memory
capacity and  geometries:  4Mbit (0.9 micron),  8Mbit (0.8 micron),  16Mbit (0.5
micron) and 32Mbit (0.5 micron). In addition,  the Company has developed several
generations of controllers for these flash memory chips.  Currently,  a majority
of the Company's  products utilize the 32Mbit device.  Because of the complexity
of its products, the Company has periodically  experienced significant delays in
the development and volume  production ramp up of its products.  There can be no
assurance that similar delays will not occur in the future.

    In October 1996, the Company announced Double Density Flash, or D2 Flash. D2
is a technological  innovation  which will allow each flash memory cell to store
two bits of information  instead of the traditional single bit per cell employed
by the industry standard flash  technology.  D2 flash has been under development
by the  Company  since its  inception  in 1988.  The first  commercial  products
expected  to employ  the  Company's  64Mbit D2 flash  chip,  will be  undergoing
internal  qualifications  in the first half of 1997. The D2 flash  technology is
highly complex,  and the write speed of the first generation  64Mbit D2 flash is
significantly slower than the Company's current flash products.  In addition, D2
flash  involves  several  techniques  never  proven in a high volume  production
environment. There can be no assurances that the Company will achieve successful
qualification of the D2 flash technology, or that the much slower write speed of
D2  flash  will  be  accepted  by  SanDisk's  customers.  If  SanDisk  fails  to
successfully  introduce  its  D2  flash  products,  the  Company  may  be  at  a
significant cost disadvantage  relative to its flash  competitors.  See "Item 1:
Business - Risk Factors - Dependence on Emerging Markets and New Products."

    The Company is also  developing  with Matsushita and NEC (in separate design
efforts) a new  process  to design  future  generation,  higher  capacity  chips
employing  0.35  to  0.4  micron  geometries.  To  date,  the  Company  has  not
successfully  developed  such a process and there can be no  assurance  that the
Company will be able to successfully  develop such a process in the future.  The
Company has periodically experienced delays in the development of new

                                       7
<PAGE>


processes at its foundry partners and such delays may occur again in the future.
The  Company's  foundry  partners  may also  experience  delays in  establishing
development  capabilities for new processes and these delays may have a material
adverse  effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.  See  "Item 1:  Business  - Risk  Factors  - Risks  Associated  with
Transitioning to New Products and Processes."

    During 1996, 1995 and 1994, the Company spent  approximately  $10.2 million,
$8.0  million  and $5.9  million,  respectively,  on  research  and  development
activities.  As of December  31, 1996 the  Company  had 64  full-time  employees
engaged in research and development activities.

Sales and Distribution

    The  Company  markets  its  products  using  a  direct  sales  organization,
distributors  and  manufacturers'  representatives  to serve  the  multi-faceted
customer base and sales channels into which the Company sells its products.  The
Company also sells products to various  customers on a private label basis.  The
Company's sales efforts are organized as follows:

    Direct Sales Force. The Company's direct sales force is located in Maitland,
Florida;  Herndon,  Virginia;  Dublin, Ohio;  Sunnyvale,  California;  Hannover,
Germany;  Hong Kong; and Yokohama,  Japan. This organization  supports major OEM
customers  and the  Company's  distribution  and  manufacturers'  representative
partners.

    Distributors.  In the United States, the Company's products are sold through
Anthem Electronics Inc., Arrow/Schweber Electronics Inc., Hamilton-Hallmark Inc.
and Bell MicroProducts  Inc. into a wide variety of industrial  applications and
to OEM customers. In addition, the Company has three independent distributors in
the United States serving various commercial  aftermarket sales channels and the
U.S. government; six distributors in Europe; five in Asia; and three in Japan.

    Independent Manufacturers' Representatives. In the United States, Canada and
Europe,  the Company's direct sales force is supported in its sales effort by 21
independent  firms. These companies receive a sales commission and provide sales
support  to  the  direct  sales  force  and  the  Company's  distributors.   The
manufacturers'  representative  companies sell the Company's products as well as
products from other manufacturers.

    Private Label  Partners and OEMs. The Company has  contractual  distribution
agreements  with Epson Hanbai and  Verbatim  Corporation  to sell the  Company's
products  on a private  label  basis.  These  companies  sell  directly to OEMs,
superstores, mass merchants, office clubs, retailers and mail order companies to
serve the demand for the  Company's  products in the various  aftermarket  sales
channels.  In addition,  the Company  provides private label products for twenty
two OEMs in the United States and eleven OEMs in the Pacific Rim.

Customer Service and Technical Support

    The  Company  provides  customers  with  comprehensive  product  service and
support.   The  Company  provides  technical  support  through  its  application
engineering  group  located in the United  States and Japan.  The Company  works
closely with its customers to monitor the performance of its product designs, to
provide  application  design  support and  assistance  and to gain  insight into
customer's  needs  to  help  in the  definition  of  subsequent  generations  of
products.

    The Company's  support  package is generally  offered with product sales and
includes technical  documentation and application  design assistance.  During an
OEM's production phase, the Company provides failure analysis and replacement of
defective components. In some cases, the Company offers additional support which
includes training,  system-level design, implementation and integration support.
The  Company  believes  that  tailoring  the  technical  support  level  to  its
customers'  needs is essential for the success of product  introductions  and to
achieve a high level of satisfaction among its customers.

    The Company generally provides a one-year warranty on its products.


                                       8
<PAGE>


Backlog

    The Company manufactures and markets primarily standard products.  Sales are
generally made pursuant to standard purchase orders. The Company includes in its
backlog only those customer orders for which it has accepted purchase orders and
assigned  shipment  dates  within the  following  twelve  months.  Since  orders
constituting  the Company's  current  backlog are subject to changes in delivery
schedules,  backlog is not  necessarily  an  indication  of future  revenue.  In
addition,  there can be no assurance that the current  backlog will  necessarily
lead to revenues in any future  period.  As of December 31, 1996,  the Company's
total backlog was $5.8 million,  compared to $17.5 million at December 31, 1995.
Bookings  visibility declined during 1996 and the Company had to rely on "turns"
business for the majority of its quarterly  product sales.  The Company believes
that the current  situation will continue until the new markets addressed by the
Company's  products enter a more  predictable  growth phase and demand begins to
create longer lead times.  See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors  Fluctuations in
Operating Results."

Competition

    The  flash  data  storage   markets  in  which  the  Company   competes  are
characterized  by  rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry  standards,
declining average selling prices and rapid product  obsolescence.  The Company's
competitors  include many large domestic and  international  companies that have
greater access to foundry capacity,  substantially greater financial, technical,
marketing  and  other  resources,  broader  product  lines and  longer  standing
relationships with customers than the Company. The Company's primary competitors
include AMD, Intel,  Kingmax,  M-Systems,  Samsung,  Simple, Smart Modular, TDK,
Toshiba  and  Viking,  as well as other  manufacturers  of  products  using data
storage  techniques  such  as  socket  flash,  linear  flash  and  system  flash
components.  Hitachi  and  Mitsubishi  have  announced  plans to serve as second
source  suppliers  of  CompactFlash.   Certain  of  the  Company's  competitors,
including Samsung, TDK and Toshiba,  have recently introduced flash data storage
cards based upon a system flash approach that the Company  believes will be more
competitive  than linear flash cards have been in the past.  Competing  products
promoting  industry  standards that are different  from  SanDisk's  CompactFlash
product have been announced.  The Company expects competition to increase in the
future from existing  competitors  and from other  companies  that may enter the
Company's  existing or future markets with similar or  alternative  data storage
solutions  that may be less  costly or provide  additional  features.  Increased
competition  could have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

    To the extent that the Company  determines to license its patents to certain
of its competitors, which may be necessary to gain licenses to their patents, or
to its strategic partners,  as the Company eventually expects to do, competition
will also increase. The Company has entered into patent cross-license agreements
with Intel and Sharp  Electronics  pursuant to which each party may  manufacture
and sell  products  that  incorporate  technology  covered  by their  respective
patents related to flash memory devices.  As a result of the above factors,  the
Company expects to face substantially more competition in the future than it has
to date. The Company believes that its ability to compete  successfully  depends
on a number of factors, which include price and quality, product performance and
availability,   success  in  developing  new   applications   for  system  flash
technology,  adequate foundry capacity,  efficiency of production, timing of new
product  introductions by the Company,  its customers and its  competitors,  the
ability of the Company's  competitors  to  incorporate  their flash data storage
systems into their customers'  products,  the number and nature of the Company's
competitors in a given market,  successful  protection of intellectual  property
rights and general market and economic conditions.  The Company believes that it
competes favorably with other companies with respect to these factors. There can
be no assurance  that the Company will be able to compete  successfully  against
current  and  future  competitors  or that  competitive  pressures  faced by the
Company will not materially  adversely affect its business,  financial condition
or results of operations. See "Item 1: Business - "Risk Factors - Competition."

Patents and Licenses

    The  Company's  policy is to protect its  proprietary  technology  by filing
patent applications for technology that it considers important for its business.
The Company  also pursues a policy of  vigorously  protecting  its  intellectual
property rights under patents granted it in the U.S. and foreign countries.

                                       9

<PAGE>


    In 1988, the Company developed the concept of emulation of a hard disk drive
with flash solid state memory.  The first related  patents were filed in 1988 by
Dr. Eli Harari and exclusively  licensed to the Company.  The Company  currently
owns or has exclusive  rights to forty nine US and nine foreign patents granted,
five  patent  applications   allowed  and  approximately   twenty  eight  patent
applications  pending in the United States, as well as twenty pending in foreign
patent offices. The Company intends to seek additional  international and United
States patents on its technology.  The Company  believes some of its patents are
fundamental to the implementation of flash data storage systems,  as well as the
implementation of D2 flash, independent of the flash technology.  However, there
can  be no  assurance  that  any  patents  held  by  the  Company  will  not  be
invalidated,  that  patents  will be  issued  for any of the  Company's  pending
applications or that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will be
of sufficient scope or strength or be issued in the primary  countries where the
Company's  products  can  be  sold  to  provide  meaningful  protection  or  any
commercial  advantage to the Company.  Additionally,  competitors of the Company
may be able to design around the Company's patents.

    The  semiconductor  industry is  characterized  by vigorous  protection  and
pursuit of  intellectual  property  rights or positions,  which have resulted in
significant and often protracted and expensive litigation.

    As is common in the industry, the Company agrees to indemnify certain of its
suppliers  and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such
indemnity varies but may in some instances include  indemnification  for damages
and expenses,  including  attorneys  fees.  The Company may from time to time be
engaged in litigation as a result of such indemnification obligations.

    In addition to  litigation,  the Company may need to license  some or all of
its  patent  portfolio  to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the  patents of
others.  In  October  1995,  the  Company  entered  into a patent  cross-license
agreement  with Intel.  In December  1996,  the  Company  entered  into a patent
cross-license agreement with Sharp. Under these agreements,  the Company and its
licensees each granted to the other a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide
license to make,  use,  sell and import  products  that  incorporate  technology
covered by their  respective  patents  related to flash  memory  devices.  These
licenses apply to certain existing patents and certain additional patents with a
filing date  within the periods  specified  in the  agreements.  Under the Intel
agreement, the license extends for the life of all covered patents.  Pursuant to
these  agreements,  the Company and its  licensees  agreed to release each other
from any and all claims or liability for  infringement  of the subject  patents.
These cross-license agreements may increase Intel and Sharp's ability to compete
with the Company.  See "Item 1: Business - "Risk Factors -  Competition."  There
can  be no  assurance  that  any  other  cross-licenses  will  be  available  on
commercially  reasonable terms, or at all.  Moreover,  any such  cross-licenses,
including the Intel and Sharp  licenses,  could result in more rapid and intense
competition  for the  Company's  products,  by much  larger and better  financed
competitors.  Any such  limitations  on the  Company's  ability  to  market  its
products,  or delays and costs  associated  with  redesigning  its products,  or
payments of license  fees or licenses of the  Company's  rights to others  could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.

    In its  efforts to  maintain  the  confidentiality  and  ownership  of trade
secrets and other confidential  information,  the Company requires all employees
(regular and  temporary),  consultants,  foundry  partners,  certain  customers,
suppliers  and  partners to execute  confidentiality  and  invention  assignment
agreements upon  commencement  of a relationship  with the Company and extending
for a period of time beyond  termination  of the  relationship.  There can be no
assurance  that these  agreements  will provide  meaningful  protection  for the
Company's  trade  secrets  or other  confidential  information  in the  event of
unauthorized use or disclosure of such information.  See "Item 1: Business "Risk
Factors - Patent, Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

Employees

    As of December 31, 1996,  the Company had 289 regular,  full-time  employees
and 56 temporary  employees,  including 64 in research  and  development,  41 in
sales and marketing, 31 in finance and administration and 209 in operations. The
Company's  success is dependent on its  retention  of key  technical,  sales and
marketing  employees  and  members  of  senior  management.   Additionally,  the
Company's  success is contingent  on its ability to attract and recruit  skilled
employees  in a very  competitive  employment  market.  None  of  the  Company's
employees are represented by a collective  bargaining  agreement and the Company
has never experienced any work stoppage.  The Company believes that its employee
relations are good.

                                       10

<PAGE>


Risk Factors

         Fluctuations  in Operating  Results.  SanDisk's  operating  results are
subject to quarterly and annual  fluctuations  due to a variety of factors.  The
Company  has very  limited  visibility  with  respect to  anticipated  operating
results for any given quarter, even during the quarter in question.

         Factors  affecting the Company's  operating  results  include volume of
product  orders  and sales,  availability  of  foundry  capacity,  the timing of
significant orders, competitive pricing pressures, the ability of the Company to
match supply with demand or to  accurately  forecast  future  inventory  levels,
fluctuations   in  product   costs,   fluctuation   in   manufacturing   yields,
manufacturing  utilization,  changes in product and customer mix, changes in the
channels  through which the Company's  products are  distributed,  timing of new
product  announcements  and  introductions  by the Company and its  competitors,
quality of the Company's products,  increased research and development  expenses
associated  with new  product  introductions,  exchange  rate  fluctuations  and
customer  qualification  and  acceptance  of new  or  enhanced  versions  of the
Company's products. In addition, the Company expects to continue to increase its
operating expenses in connection with the hiring of additional personnel and the
development  of new  applications.  If the Company  does not  achieve  increased
levels of  revenues  commensurate  with  these  increased  levels  of  operating
expenses, the Company's business,  financial condition and results of operations
will be  materially  adversely  affected.  All of these factors are difficult to
forecast  and  these  or other  factors  can  materially  affect  the  Company's
quarterly or annual operating results.

         In 1996 order  visibility  weakened.  SanDisk's  OEM  customers  in the
emerging consumer markets are still experiencing  difficulty gauging the initial
market demand for their new products.  The Company is also  experiencing a shift
in  its  customer  order  profile.   The  current  market   situation  of  ready
availability,  coupled with rapidly declining prices of semiconductor  memories,
has led  customers to expect ever shorter  lead-times.  Consequently,  the turns
component of the Company's  quarterly business is increasing.  To adapt to these
evolving market conditions,  the Company shifted to more in-house  manufacturing
in the third quarter of 1996 to reduce costs and manufacturing lead times and to
position  itself to respond quickly to changes in customer  demand.  The current
limited visibility of orders could continue indefinitely.

         Late in 1996,  the Company also  experienced  a shift in product mix to
lower capacity (2MB) CompactFlash  cards, which caused average selling prices to
decline.  The Company  anticipates that lower capacity products will continue to
represent a significant  portion of its sales as consumer  applications  such as
digital  cameras  become more popular.  Sales of these lower  capacity  products
generally  have lower  average  selling  prices and gross  margins  than  higher
capacity  products.  The mix of products sold varies from quarter to quarter and
may vary in the future,  affecting the Company's  overall average selling prices
and gross margins.

         Due to the emerging nature of the Company's markets and certain planned
product  transitions,  it is  difficult  for  the  Company  to  forecast  future
inventory  levels  required  to  meet  customer  demand.  As a  result  of  both
contractual obligations and manufacturing cycle time, the Company is required to
order wafers from its foundries as much as six months in advance of the ultimate
shipment of its products. Under the Company's wafer supply agreements, there are
limits on the number of wafers the Company can order and the  Company's  ability
to change that quantity is  restricted.  Accordingly,  the Company's  ability to
react to significant  fluctuations  in demand for its products is limited.  As a
result,  the  Company is not able to match its  purchases  of wafers to specific
customer  orders and  therefore,  the Company may take  provisions for potential
excess  inventory  purchased  prior to the  receipt of  customer  orders.  These
provisions  decrease  gross  margins in the quarter  reported  and can result in
significant  fluctuations in gross margins on a quarter to quarter basis. As the
Company's  manufacturing  cycle time has decreased over the past 12 months,  the
Company's  ability  to  respond to  changes  in  customer  demand has  improved.
However,  there can be no assurance that future gross margin volatility will not
reoccur as a result of the  Company's  inability  to match supply with demand or
for other reasons.

         During 1996, the price of dynamic random access memory (DRAM) decreased
dramatically,  in some cases by 75%. All DRAM suppliers were adversely impacted,
including  the  Company's  two flash  foundry  suppliers,  which now have excess
capacity of foundry  wafers that can be made available to the Company at reduced
prices. Such reduced wafer prices have helped the Company to accelerate its cost
reduction efforts.  However,  because SanDisk values its inventory on a lower of
cost or market basis,  these cost  reductions  may have an adverse effect on the
Company's gross margins and results of operations in the future as the Company's
inventory is written down to

                                       11
<PAGE>


reflect the lower wafer costs. Due to the highly  competitive nature of the DRAM
business,  there can be no  assurance  that wafer  costs will remain low or that
increased capacities will remain available.

         Dependence  on Third Party  Foundries.  All of the  Company's  products
require silicon wafers,  which are currently supplied by Matsushita in Japan and
LG Semicon in Korea.  The Company is dependent on  Matsushita  and LG Semicon to
produce wafers of acceptable quality and with acceptable  manufacturing  yields,
to deliver  those wafers to the Company on a timely basis and to allocate to the
Company a portion of their  foundry  capacity  sufficient  to meet the Company's
needs. On occasion,  the Company has  experienced  difficulties in each of these
areas.  The loss or reduction of capacity from  Matsushita and LG Semicon or the
inability  to  qualify  or  receive  the  anticipated  level  of  capacity  from
Matsushita and LG Semicon could have a material  adverse effect on the Company's
business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  There  can be no
assurance  that  Matsushita  and LG Semicon will be able to maintain  acceptable
yields or that they will continue to deliver sufficient  quantities of wafers on
a timely basis.

         Under the Company's  wafer supply  agreements  with  Matsushita  and LG
Semicon,  the  Company is  obligated  monthly to provide a rolling  forecast  of
anticipated  purchase  orders.  Except in limited  circumstances  and subject to
acceptance  by the  foundries,  the estimates for the first three months of each
forecast  constitute a binding  commitment  and the  estimates for the remaining
months may not increase or decrease by more than a certain  percentage  from the
previous  month's  forecast.  This limits the Company's  ability to react to any
significant  fluctuations in demand for its products.  To the extent the Company
inaccurately  forecasts  the  number of wafers  required,  it may have  either a
shortage  or an excess  supply of wafers,  either of which could have a material
adverse  effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.  The wafer supply  agreements  with  Matsushita  and LG Semicon each
include  a  target   number  of  wafers  to  be  delivered  per  month  that  is
substantially higher than the level of supply from either foundry as of December
31, 1996. To the extent the Company is unable to obtain scheduled  quantities of
wafers  from  Matsushita  or LG  Semicon  with  planned  yields,  the  Company's
business,  financial  condition  and results of  operations  could be negatively
impacted.

         The Company has entered into a joint development agreement with NEC for
the development of future generations of semiconductor devices to be used in the
manufacture of the Company's products.  However,  there can be no assurance that
future generations of the semiconductor  devices will be successfully  developed
or, if developed,  that a wafer supply  agreement will be entered into with NEC.
Because the lead time to qualify a new foundry is approximately 18 to 24 months,
in the event that the  Company and NEC do enter into a wafer  supply  agreement,
the Company could not expect to receive volume  shipments from NEC until 1998 at
the earliest.

         Due to the  unpredictable  nature of the new markets for the  Company's
products,  the  Company may  periodically  experience  shortages  in the future.
Because of the lengthy lead times required to qualify a new foundry, there is no
readily available  alternative source of supply. The inability of the Company to
obtain expanded  foundry  capacity,  to qualify other wafer  manufacturers or to
correctly forecast the number of wafers required from its current suppliers,  as
well as any  inability  to  obtain  timely  and  adequate  deliveries  from  the
Company's  current  or future  suppliers  or any other  circumstance  that would
require the Company to seek alternative sources of supply, could delay shipments
of the  Company's  products  and could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         SanDisk  has  received  recent  indications  from  its  foundries  that
additional  capacity is available.  Finished goods  inventory  levels  increased
during 1996 and the Company is now quoting average  delivery times of two to six
weeks.  Semiconductor supply and demand tend to be cyclical,  however, and it is
unlikely that this situation will continue over the long term.

         Risks  Associated  with  Transitioning  to New Products and  Processes.
Successive  generations  of the  Company's  products  incorporate  semiconductor
devices  with greater  memory  capacity  per chip.  In addition,  the Company is
continually  involved  in  joint  development  with  its  foundries  to  produce
semiconductor devices based upon smaller geometry manufacturing processes.  Both
the development of higher capacity  semiconductor devices and the implementation
of smaller geometry  manufacturing  processes are important  determinants of the
Company's  ability to decrease  the cost per  megabyte of its flash data storage
products.  The utilization of semiconductor devices with greater memory capacity
and the design and implementation of new semiconductor  manufacturing  processes
can  entail a  number  of  problems,  including  lower  yields  associated  with
semiconductor device production, problems

                                       12
<PAGE>


associated with design and manufacture of products to incorporate  such devices,
and production delays.  There can be no assurance that such devices or processes
will  be  successfully  developed  by the  Company.  For  example,  the  Company
discovered  and  successfully  corrected a design flaw in its new flash  ChipSet
product in the fourth  quarter of 1995. As a result of delays in supplying  this
product to a major customer,  this customer canceled  approximately  $500,000 of
product  orders that were  scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter of 1995.
The Company  shipped the  majority of its backlog  scheduled  for this  customer
during the fourth  quarter of 1995 and no additional  order  cancellations  were
received.  However,  there  can  be no  assurance  that  the  Company  will  not
experience  similar  problems in the future  that could have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         During the first quarter of 1996,  the Company began  receiving  32Mbit
devices from LG Semicon and began the  qualification  of this process,  which it
completed in October 1996.  During the third quarter of 1996,  the Company began
production of the 32Mbit devices at LG Semicon.  High density flash memory, such
as the 32Mbit, is a complex technology  requiring tight  manufacturing  controls
and effective test screens.  The production ramp up period for a flash device at
a  new  foundry  is  particularly  prone  to  problems  which  can  impact  both
reliability  and yields exposing the Company to increased  manufacturing  costs.
Any problems  experienced by the Company in its current or future transitions to
higher capacity memory devices or to new semiconductor  manufacturing  processes
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

         On November 6, 1996,  the Company  announced its first 64Mbit  products
based on double  density  flash  ("D2  flash")  technology,  a new flash  system
designed to store two bits in each flash memory cell. The Company  believes that
D2 flash will be important to the Company's ability to increase the capacity and
decrease  the  cost  of  certain  of  its  products,  maintain  its  competitive
advantage,  broaden  its target  markets  and attract  strategic  partners.  The
Company will not generate  significant  revenues  from sales of 64Mbit  products
until at least the  second  half of 1997.  The  implementation  of D2 flash in a
production environment is currently planned for the second half of 1997 and will
be highly complex. There can be no assurance that reliable and cost effective D2
flash  products  can be  manufactured  reliably in  commercial  volumes and with
yields  sufficient  to result in a lower cost per megabyte.  Furthermore,  flash
data  storage   products   designed  with  D2  flash  will   initially   exhibit
approximately  one quarter of the write  performance  of the Company's  existing
products when writing data into memory.  This may preclude  their use in certain
applications.  The failure of the Company to  successfully  manufacture D2 flash
devices  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

         Manufacturing  Yields.  The fabrication of the Company's  products is a
complex  and precise  process  requiring  wafers  that are  produced in a highly
controlled and clean environment.  Semiconductor companies supplying the Company
with wafers periodically have experienced problems in achieving acceptable wafer
manufacturing yields.  Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a function both of
design technology,  which is developed by the Company,  and process  technology,
which is typically  proprietary  to the  foundry.  Because low yields may result
from either design or process  technology  failures,  yield  problems may not be
effectively  determined or improved  until an actual  product exists that can be
analyzed and tested to recognize process sensitivities in relation to the design
rules that were used. As a result,  yield  problems may not be identified  until
well  into  the  production  process  and  would  require   cooperation  by  and
communication  between the Company and the foundry for resolution.  This risk is
increased due to the fact that the Company  receives its wafers from independent
offshore  foundries,  increasing  the  effort  and time  required  to  identify,
communicate and resolve  manufacturing  yield problems.  At the end of the third
quarter of 1996, the Company experienced  manufacturing  related difficulties at
both of its wafer foundries suppliers, which resulted in reductions in effective
yields of between 5% and 10%.  The  Company  and its  foundries  identified  the
issues and  corrective  steps have been  implemented.  There can be no assurance
that the Company's foundries will achieve or maintain  acceptable  manufacturing
yields in the future.  The  inability of the Company to achieve  planned  yields
from its  foundries  could  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Dependence on Key and Sole Source Suppliers. The majority of the memory
components  of the  Company's  products  are  assembled  by Alphatec in Manteca,
California. In the third quarter of 1996, the Company stopped using GSS Array in
Thailand and Anam in Korea and  installed  its own surface mount line in its new
Sunnyvale facility.  The Company is doing a majority of its assembly on this new
line.  A small  portion  may be done by other third  party  subcontractors.  The
Company  also has no long  term  agreement  with  Alphatec.  As a result of this
reliance on third party  subcontractors  for assembly of a portion its products,
the Company cannot directly

                                       13
<PAGE>


control  product  delivery  schedules,  which can lead to product  shortages  or
quality  assurance  problems  that could  increase the costs of  manufacture  or
assembly of the Company's  products.  Any problems associated with the delivery,
quality or cost of the Company's  products could have a material  adverse effect
on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         The Company purchases several key components from single or sole source
vendors for which alternative  sources are not currently  available.  Even where
alternative  vendors  are  available,  a  significant  amount  of time  would be
required to qualify an additional vendor in the case of certain of the Company's
other components. The Company does not maintain long-term supply agreements with
any of these  vendors.  The inability to develop  alternative  sources for these
single or sole source  components  or to obtain  sufficient  quantities of these
components could result in delays or reductions in product shipments which could
adversely  affect the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.  For example,  the Company  relies on Motorola as the sole source of
microcontrollers,  which are critical components in the Company's products.  The
sole source risk  associated with  microcontrollers  from Motorola is heightened
during transitions from one generation of microcontrollers to the next given the
limited safety stock available during these  transitions.  In the event Motorola
were to stop shipment of microcontrollers for any reason, the time to design and
qualify an alternative  source would be approximately nine to twelve months. The
Company's  reliance on Motorola as its sole source of  microcontrollers  exposes
the Company to interruptions of supply that could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business,  financial  condition and results of operations.  The
Company is  continuing  to identify  and  establish  second  sources for its key
single and sole source  component  vendors as sales volumes  increase,  although
there can be no assurance these efforts will be successful.

         Patents,  Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation. The Company relies
on a combination of patents,  mask work  protection,  trademarks,  copyright and
trade secret laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and licensing  arrangements  to
protect its intellectual  property rights.  There can be no assurance that there
will not be any disputes regarding the Company's  intellectual  property rights.
Specifically,  there can be no  assurance  that any patents  held by the Company
will not be  invalidated,  that patents will be issued for any of the  Company's
pending applications or that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents
will be of  sufficient  scope or strength or be issued in the primary  countries
where the Company's products can be sold to provide meaningful protection or any
commercial  advantage to the Company.  Additionally,  competitors of the Company
may be able to design around the Company's patents.

         From time to time the Company has been  notified and its  foundries may
in the future be  notified,  of claims  that they may be  infringing  patents or
other intellectual property rights owned by third parties. If it is necessary or
desirable,  the Company may seek  licenses  under such  patents or  intellectual
property  rights.  However,  there can be no  assurance  that  licenses  will be
offered or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be  acceptable  to the
Company.  The failure to obtain a license from a third party for technology used
by the Company could cause the Company to incur  substantial  liabilities and to
suspend the  manufacture  of products or the use by the  Company's  foundries of
processes  requiring  the  technology,   or  to  expend  substantial   resources
redesigning  its  products  to  eliminate  the  infringement.  There  can  be no
assurance  that the Company would be successful in  redesigning  its products or
that such  licenses  would be available  under  reasonable  terms,  and any such
development or license could require  expenditures by the Company of substantial
time and other resources.

         The Company has  notified  IBM  Microelectronics,  Samsung  Electronics
Company Ltd.  ("Samsung") and Toshiba  Corporation  ("Toshiba") that the Company
believes certain of their existing or announced products infringe certain of the
Company's patents. In addition,  from time to time, the Company has entered into
discussions with other companies  regarding potential  cross-license  agreements
for the Company's patents.

         In response to the Company's allegations of infringement of five of the
Company's  patents,  Samsung has filed a complaint in October 1995  accusing the
Company of  infringing  two of its  patents,  seeking  declaratory  relief  with
respect to these five  Company  patents  and  alleging  unspecified  damages for
certain other related claims. As written, the complaint  potentially  implicates
products that comprise substantially all of the Company's revenues for 1995. The
Company has received opinions from its Patent Counsel that, based on information
currently  known,  the  Company's  products do not infringe one of these Samsung
patents and that,  based on certain  assumptions  as to how Samsung  would claim
infringement,  the  particular  patent  claim in the other  Samsung  patent that
Samsung has accused the Company of  infringing is invalid and that the Company's
products do not infringe any of the other

                                       14
<PAGE>


claims of such patent.  Nonetheless,  the Company  anticipates that Samsung will
continue to pursue  litigation  with respect to these claims.  SanDisk filed its
answer to Samsung's  complaint in March 1996. At that time,  SanDisk  asserted a
number of counterclaims based on Samsung's alleged infringement of three SanDisk
patents.

    On January 11, 1996, the Company filed a complaint  against Samsung with the
United States  International Trade Commission alleging that Samsung and its U.S.
sales arm, are importing and selling products that infringe two of the Company's
patents.  By its  complaint,  the Company seeks a judgment by the  International
Trade  Commission that Samsung is infringing the Company's  patents and an order
precluding  Samsung from  importing  those  infringing  products into the United
States. The U.S.  International  Trade Commission  completed its hearing on this
matter in October  1996.  On February 26,  1997,  the  Administrative  Law Judge
assigned  to the case  issued an  Initial  Determination  finding  both  SanDisk
patents valid and  infringed  and further  finding a violation of Section 337 of
the Trade Act. This decision will go to the International Trade Commission which
will decide  whether to approve the ruling and enter an  exclusion  or cease and
desist order  barring  importation  of Samsung flash memory  devices.  While the
ruling is important, no assurance can be given that the Commission will enter an
exclusion or cease and desist order. A final decision is expected in May, 1997.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity varies, but may, in some instances,  include  indemnification for
damages and expenses,  including  attorneys  fees.  The Company may from time to
time be engaged in litigation as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.
Third party claims for patent  infringement are excluded from coverage under the
Company's  insurance  policies.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  any  future
obligation to indemnify the  Company's  customers or suppliers,  will not have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

         If any third party  patents are deemed to be valid and infringed by the
Company's  products,  the  Company  would be required to obtain a license to the
patents or to  redesign  its  products to  eliminate  the  infringement.  Such a
redesign effort,  if possible,  could result in substantial  delays in marketing
its  products  and in  significant  costs.  There can be no  assurance  that the
Company could  successfully  design around the technology in question or that it
could obtain a license to the infringed  patents on reasonable terms, or at all.
The  Company's  inability to design around a valid patent or to obtain a license
on  reasonable  terms  could have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

         To preserve its intellectual  property rights,  the Company believes it
may be  necessary  to  initiate  litigation  with  one or  more  third  parties,
including  but not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent
infringement.  In addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit against
the Company.  Any  litigation,  whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant,  would
likely  result in  significant  expense to the Company and divert the efforts of
the Company's technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation
is  ultimately  determined  in favor of the Company.  In the event of an adverse
result in any such litigation,  the Company could be required to pay substantial
damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and sale of infringing  products,  expend
significant resources to develop non-infringing technology,  discontinue the use
of certain processes or obtain licenses to the infringing technology.

         In addition to litigation,  the Company may need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. In October 1995, the Company entered into a cross-license agreement with
Intel  Corporation  ("Intel").  In December  1996,  the Company  entered  into a
cross-license  agreement with Sharp Electronics.  There can be no assurance that
any other licenses will be available on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  or at
all. Moreover,  any such  cross-licenses  could result in more rapid and intense
competition  for the  Company's  products,  by much  larger and better  financed
competitors.  Any such  limitations  on the  Company's  ability  to  market  its
products,  or delays and costs  associated  with  redesigning  its products,  or
payments of license  fees or licenses of Company  rights to others  could have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

         Litigation frequently involves substantial expenditures and can require
significant management attention, even if the Company ultimately prevails. Legal
fees associated with the Samsung ITC hearings were approximately $2.9 million in
1996.  While these  expenses  are expected to decline in the first half of 1997,
they will remain significant. In addition, the results of any litigation matters
are inherently uncertain. Accordingly, there can be no

                                       15
<PAGE>


assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any future litigation,  will not
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.

         Competition.  The flash  data  storage  markets  in which  the  Company
competes are  characterized by rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry
standards,  declining average selling prices and rapid product obsolescence. The
Company's  competitors  include many large domestic and international  companies
that have greater access to foundry capacity,  substantially  greater financial,
technical,  marketing  and other  resources,  broader  product  lines and longer
standing  relationships  with  customers than the Company.  The Company  expects
competition to increase in the future from existing  competitors  and from other
companies  that may enter the Company's  existing or future markets with similar
or  alternative  data  storage  solutions  that may be less  costly  or  provide
additional features.  In addition,  competition will increase to the extent that
the Company  determines to license its patents to certain of its  competitors in
order to gain  licenses to their  patents.  For example,  in October 1995 and in
December 1996, the Company  entered into patent  cross-license  agreements  with
Intel and Sharp,  respectively,  pursuant  to which each  party is  entitled  to
manufacture and sell products that incorporate  technology  covered by the other
party's  patents related to flash memory devices.  Increased  competition  could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.

         The Company  settled patent  infringement  issues  relating to features
embodied in M-Systems'  TFFS and FTL  technology.  Subsequent to the  M-System's
settlement,  the PC Card standards  committee  adopted FTL technology as part of
the PC Card standard,  which enables flash file system  software to operate with
linear flash cards. Intel has announced the Miniature Card and Toshiba announced
the  Solid-State  Floppy Disk Card (SSFDC).  Both products are aimed at the mass
storage market for consumer applications,  such as digital filmless cameras. The
Company expects these products to compete against its CompactFlash (TM) product.
A  manufacturer  of digital  cameras  wishing  to design any one of these  three
alternatives  as removable  "digital film" will eliminate the other two from use
in  their  product,   since  all  three  are  mechanically  and   electronically
incompatible  with each  other.  Competition  to win the  initial  design-in  is
therefore expected to be fierce. Due to the high price sensitivity in the market
for  consumer  products,  aggressive  price  competition  is expected  for these
applications.  Such  competition  may  result in lower  gross  margins in future
quarters,  should the relative percentage of sales of CompactFlash(TM)  products
increase.

         In the third  quarter of 1996,  the Company began  experiencing  strong
competition from Toshiba's SSFDC 2 Mbyte product. The Company also believes that
Samsung has begun  shipment of competing  32Mbit NAND flash  products as well as
samples of its 64Mbit NAND flash products.

         Dependence on Emerging Markets and New Products.  The Company's success
depends  to a  significant  extent  upon the  development  of  emerging  and new
applications  and  markets  for flash data  storage  systems,  as well as on its
ability  to  introduce  commercially  attractive  and  competitively  priced new
products on a timely basis and to reduce production costs of existing  products.
There can be no  assurance  that new  applications  or  markets  for flash  data
storage  will develop as expected by the Company or that  prospective  customers
developing products for any such markets will design the Company's products into
their products and successfully introduce such products. In addition,  there can
be no assurance that the Company's new products,  including its  CompactFlash or
Flash  ChipSet  products,  will achieve  market  acceptance.  The failure of new
applications or markets to develop or the failure of new markets to be receptive
to the Company's  products could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

         The  Company  believes  that  continued  significant  expenditures  for
research and  development  will be required in the future.  In  particular,  the
Company intends to develop new products with increased  memory capacity at lower
prices,  which the Company  believes  will be essential to its ability to remain
competitive.  There can be no assurance that these products will be successfully
developed  or will  achieve  market  acceptance,  or that  the  Company  will be
successful in identifying  new product  opportunities  and develop and bring new
products  to  market  in a  timely  manner,  or that  products  or  technologies
developed  by others  will not render the  Company's  products  or  technologies
obsolete  or  noncompetitive.  The failure of any of the  Company's  new product
development  efforts or lack of market  acceptance of such products would have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

                                       16

<PAGE>


         Customer Concentration. A limited number of customers historically have
accounted  for a  substantial  portion of the  Company's  revenues.  The Company
expects  that  sales of its  products  to a  limited  number of  customers  will
continue  to  account  for  a  substantial  portion  of  its  revenues  for  the
foreseeable future. Sales to the Company's customers are generally made pursuant
to standard  purchase  orders rather than long-term  contracts.  The Company has
also  experienced  significant  changes in the composition of its major customer
base from year to year and  expects  this  variability  to  continue  as certain
customers  increase or decrease their  purchases of the Company's  products as a
result of fluctuations in market demand for such  customers'  products.  Under a
joint  cooperation  agreement signed in January 1993,  Seagate has the option to
market the Company's  products  beginning in 1999. Under the amended  agreement,
beginning  in 1999,  if Seagate  exercises  its  option to market the  Company's
products,  the Company and Seagate will  coordinate  their efforts so that up to
one-third of the Company's  worldwide net revenues could be generated from sales
of the Company's flash products through Seagate.

         International Operations.  All of the Company's wafers are, and for the
foreseeable future will be, produced by foreign  foundries.  Because the Company
currently  purchases  the  majority of its flash wafers in Japanese Yen at a set
price,   fluctuations  in  currencies  could  materially  adversely  affect  the
Company's business,  financial  condition and results of operations.  Due to its
reliance on export  sales and its  dependence  on  foundries  outside the United
States,   the   Company  is  subject  to  the  risks  of   conducting   business
internationally,   including   foreign   government   regulation   and   general
geopolitical  risks  such  as  political  and  economic  instability,  potential
hostilities  and changes in  diplomatic  and trade  relationships.  In addition,
since most of the Company's international sales are denominated in U.S. dollars,
the Company's  products may be less  competitive  in countries  with  currencies
declining in value against the dollar.  Manufacturing and sales of the Company's
products may also be materially adversely affected by factors such as unexpected
changes in, or  imposition  of,  regulatory  requirements,  tariffs,  import and
export restrictions and other barriers and restrictions,  longer payment cycles,
greater difficulty in accounts  receivable  collection,  potentially adverse tax
consequences,  the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and other
factors beyond the Company's control.  In addition,  the laws of certain foreign
countries in which the Company's products are or may be developed,  manufactured
or sold,  including  various  countries in Asia,  may not protect the  Company's
intellectual  property  rights to the same  extent as do the laws of the  United
States and thus make piracy of the Company's products a more likely possibility.
There can be no assurance  that these  factors will not have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations.

         Volatility of Stock Price.  To date, the price of the Company's  Common
Stock on the NASDAQ National Market has been volatile. The Company believes that
future  announcements  concerning the Company,  its competitors or its principal
customers,  including  technological  innovations,  new  product  introductions,
governmental  regulations,  litigation  or  changes  in  earnings  estimated  by
analysts,  may  cause  the  market  price  of  the  Common  Stock  to  fluctuate
substantially  in the  future.  Sales of  substantial  amounts of the  Company's
outstanding Common Stock in the public market could materially  adversely affect
the market price of the Common Stock.  Further, in recent years the stock market
has experienced  extreme price and volume  fluctuations  that have  particularly
affected  the  market  prices  of  equity  securities  of many  high  technology
companies  and  that  often  have  been  unrelated  or  disproportionate  to the
operating  performance of such companies.  These fluctuations as well as general
economic,  political and market  conditions such as recessions or  international
currency  fluctuations,  may materially adversely affect the market price of the
Common Stock.


ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES

    The Company's principal facilities are presently located in a 104,000 square
foot building in Sunnyvale,  California.  Approximately one half of the space is
dedicated  to  production   activities.   The   remaining   space  is  used  for
administrative,  marketing and development activities. The Company occupies this
space under a lease  agreement  that expires in July 2001.  In December 1996 the
Company  exercised  its option to lease an adjacent  50,000 square foot building
beginning in 1998. The Company  believes that its facilities will be adequate to
meet its near  term  needs  and  that  additional  space  will be  available  as
required.

    In addition, the Company leases domestic sales offices in Maitland, Florida,
Dublin,  Ohio and Herndon,  Virginia,  as well as foreign  sales offices in Hong
Kong, Hannover, Germany and Yokohama, Japan.


                                       17
<PAGE>


ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    Samsung  Electronics  Company Ltd. filed a complaint  against the Company in
the Northern  District of  California  in October  1995  accusing the Company of
infringing two Samsung patents,  seeking declaratory relief with respect to five
Company  patents and  alleging  unspecified  damages for certain  other  related
claims. As written, the complaint potentially implicates products that comprised
substantially  all of the Company's  revenues for 1996 and 1995. The Company has
received  opinions from its patent counsel that, based on information  currently
known,  the Company's  products do not infringe one of these Samsung patents and
that, based on certain  assumptions as to how Samsung would claim  infringement,
the particular patent claim in the other Samsung patent that Samsung has accused
the  Company of  infringing  is invalid and that the  Company's  products do not
infringe  any of the  other  claims of such  patent.  Nonetheless,  the  Company
anticipates that Samsung will continue to pursue litigation with respect to such
claims.

    On January 11, 1996, the Company filed a complaint  against Samsung with the
United States  International Trade Commission alleging that Samsung and its U.S.
sales arm, are importing and selling products that infringe two of the Company's
patents.  By its  complaint,  the Company seeks a judgment by the  International
Trade  Commission that Samsung is infringing the Company's  patents and an order
precluding  Samsung from  importing  those  infringing  products into the United
States. The U.S. International Trade Commission initiated an investigation based
upon the  Company's  complaint  against  Samsung.  On  February  26,  1997,  the
Administrative  Law Judge  assigned to the case issued an Initial  Determination
finding both SanDisk patents valid and infringed and further finding a violation
of Section  337 of the Trade Act.  This  decision  will go to the  International
Trade  Commission  which will decide  whether to approve the ruling and enter an
exclusion or cease and desist order barring  importation of Samsung flash memory
devices.  While the  ruling is  important,  no  assurance  can be given that the
Commission  will enter an exclusion or cease and desist order.  A final decision
is expected in May, 1997.

         To preserve its intellectual  property rights,  the Company believes it
may be  necessary  to  initiate  litigation  with  one or  more  third  parties,
including  but not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent
infringement.  In addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit against
the Company.  Any  litigation,  whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant,  would
likely  result in  significant  expense to the Company and divert the efforts of
the Company's technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation
is  ultimately  determined  in favor of the Company.  In the event of an adverse
result in any such litigation,  the Company could be required to pay substantial
damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and sale of infringing  products,  expend
significant resources to develop non-infringing technology,  discontinue the use
of certain processes or obtain licenses to the infringing technology.

    From time to time the Company  agrees to indemnify  certain of its suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies  but  may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses, including attorneys fees. The Company may from time to time be engaged
in  litigation  as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.  Third  party
claims for patent  infringement  are excluded from coverage  under the Company's
insurance  policies.  There can be no assurance  that any future  obligation  to
indemnify the Company's customers or suppliers, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

    Litigation  frequently  involves  substantial  expenditures  and can require
significant  management  attention,  even if the Company ultimately prevails. In
addition,  the  results of any  litigation  matters  are  inherently  uncertain.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any
future  litigation,  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business,  financial condition and results of operations.  See "Item 1: Business
Risk Factors - Patents, Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."



ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No  matters  were  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders  during the fourth
quarter of 1996.


                                       18
<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    As of December  31, 1996,  the  executive  officers of the Company,  who are
elected  by and  serve  at the  discretion  of the  Board of  Directors,  are as
follows:

Name             Age                   Position

Dr. Eli Harari    51        President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Cindy Burgdorf    49        Chief  Financial  Officer,  Senior  Vice  President,
                            Finance and Administration and Secretary
Leon Malmed       59        Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales
Daniel Auclair    50        Senior Vice President, Operations and Technology
Marianne Jackson  41        Vice President, Human Resources


    Dr.  Harari,  the founder of the Company,  has served as President and Chief
Executive  Officer and as a director of the Company since June 1988.  Dr. Harari
founded Wafer Scale Integration, a privately held semiconductor company, in 1983
and was its  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  from  1983 to 1986,  and
Chairman and Chief  Technical  Officer from 1986 to 1988. From 1973 to 1983, Dr.
Harari held various  management  positions with Honeywell Inc., Intel and Hughes
Aircraft  Microelectronics.  Dr.  Harari  holds a Ph.D.  degree  in Solid  State
Sciences from Princeton University.

    Ms. Burgdorf joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer,  Vice President,
Finance  and  Secretary  in June 1994 and has served as Senior  Vice  President,
Finance and Administration  since July 1995. From 1992 to 1994, Ms. Burgdorf was
Vice President of Operations  Administration and Vice President of Materials and
Planning  at Maxtor  Corp.  ("Maxtor").  From 1978 to 1992,  Ms.  Burgdorf  held
various financial  management  positions including Corporate  Controller,  Group
Controller  of the  Components  Group and  director  of the  worldwide  customer
satisfaction program at Intel. Ms. Burgdorf is a Certified Public Accountant and
holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from San Jose State University.

    Mr. Malmed  joined the Company as Vice  President,  Worldwide  Marketing and
Sales in December  1992 and has served as Senior Vice  President,  Marketing and
Sales  since  July  1995.  From 1991 to 1992,  Mr.  Malmed  was  Executive  Vice
President of  Marketing/Sales  at SyQuest  Technology,  Inc., a manufacturer  of
removable-cartridge  disk drives.  From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Malmed was Senior Vice
President,  Sales and  Marketing  at  Prairetek,  Inc., a  manufacturer  of disk
drives.  From 1983 to 1990,  Mr.  Malmed held  various  management  positions at
Maxtor.  Mr.  Malmed  holds a B.S.  degree in  Mechanical  Engineering  from the
University of Paris.

    Mr. Auclair has served as Vice President,  Systems  Engineering from 1990 to
June 1993,  Vice  President,  Engineering  and Technology from June 1993 to July
1995 and as Senior Vice  President,  Operations and Technology  since July 1995.
From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Auclair was Vice President of Engineering at Anamartic, a
company that utilizes wafer scale technology to build DRAM mass storage systems.
From 1984 to 1988,  Mr.  Auclair was Vice  President and General  Manager of the
OMTI division of Scientific  Micro Systems,  a supplier of disk  controllers and
disk  controller  chips to the disk drive  industry.  Mr.  Auclair  holds a B.S.
degree in Engineering Physics from the University of Maine and an M.S. degree in
Computer Science from the University of Santa Clara.

    Ms.  Jackson has served as Vice  President  of Human  Resources  since April
1995.  From  September  1994 to March 1995,  Ms.  Jackson was  President of M.F.
Jackson and  Associates,  a consulting  firm that  provided  human  resource and
organizational  development consulting services.  From 1993 to 1994, Ms. Jackson
served as Vice  President of  Worldwide  Human  Resources  at Logitech,  Inc., a
leading  manufacturer of computer  accessories and software  products.  Prior to
1993, Ms. Jackson was Director of Human Resources at Silicon Graphics,  Inc. and
Sun  Microsystems,  Inc.  Ms.  Jackson  holds  B.A.  degrees in  Psychology  and
Sociology from the University of California at Santa Barbara.

                                       19

<PAGE>



                                     PART II


ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
              RELATED STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS

Market Price of Common Stock

    The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol SNDK.  SanDisk's Initial Public Offering of stock was November 8, 1995 at
$10.00 per share.  The  following  table  lists the high and low sales price for
each quarter since the company's Initial Public Offering.

                                    High               Low
  Fiscal year 1995
   Fourth quarter                  $31.00             $13.50
  Fiscal year 1996
   First quarter                   $21.75             $12.00
   Second quarter                  $17.00             $10.625
   Third quarter                   $16.25              $9.625
   Fourth quarter                  $16.125            $11.25

    As of February  28,  1997,  there were  approximately  273  stockholders  of
record.  The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common
Stock  and does not  expect to pay cash  dividends  on its  Common  Stock in the
foreseeable future. In addition, the Company's existing line of credit agreement
currently  prohibits the payment of cash dividends  without the bank's  consent.
The Company  currently  intends to retain its  earnings,  if any, for use in its
business.

                                       20
<PAGE>


ITEM 6:  SANDISK CORPORATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
           (In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year Ended December 31,                        1996           1995          1994          1993          1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>             <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>

Revenues
  Product                                 $   89,599      $  61,589     $  35,378     $  20,551     $  22,359
  Royalties                                    8,000          1,250             -             -             -
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                97,599         62,839        35,378        20,551        22,359

Cost of revenues                              58,707         36,613        28,074        18,941        18,727
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                                 38,892         26,226         7,304         1,610         3,632

Operating income (loss)                       12,474          7,777        (4,781)      (10,243)       (6,042)
Net income (loss)                             14,485          9,065        (4,287)       (9,990)       (5,969)

Earnings (loss) per share (pro forma for 1994)
     Primary                               $    0.60      $    0.91      $  (0.23)
     Fully diluted                         $    0.60      $    0.43      $  (0.23)
Shares used in per share calculations
  (pro forma for 1994)
     Primary                                  24,206          9,983        18,872
     Fully diluted                            24,206         20,856        18,872



At December 31,                                1996           1995          1994          1993          1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Working capital                           $  77,029      $  68,002     $  20,971     $  25,266     $   5,527
Total assets                                108,268         92,147        31,861        32,594        13,522
Long term debt, less current portion              -             -             93           621           957
Total stockholders' equity                   87,810         72,381        23,672        27,862         7,814

</TABLE>


The Company is restricted in paying cash  dividends  under the terms of its line
of credit agreement and paid no cash dividends during the five-year period. (See
Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements)

Statements of  operations  for years prior to 1994 exclude  historical  loss per
share as it was not presented in the initial public registration statement.

See Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements and Management's  Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



                                       21
<PAGE>


ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

    Certain  statements  in this  discussion  and analysis  are forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth in "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors." The following  discussion should
be read in conjunction with the Company's  consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto.


Results of Operations

     Product  Revenues.  SanDisk's  product  revenues  grew 45% in 1996 to $89.6
million from $61.6 million in 1995. The increase of $28.0 million consisted of a
126%  increase  in units  shipped  offset by a 36%  decline in  average  selling
prices.  The increase in product  revenues in 1996 was due to increased sales of
the Company's  Chipset,  CompactFlash and FlashDisk  products.  Fiscal year 1995
product  revenues of $61.6  million  were 74% higher than 1994 due to  increased
sales of FlashDisk products.

     During  the fourth  quarter of 1996,  the  Company  experienced  a shift in
product mix to lower  capacity  (2MB)  CompactFlash  cards which caused  average
selling prices to decline 23% from the previous  quarter.  As a result,  product
revenues declined 11% in the fourth quarter even though unit shipments increased
15%. The Company  anticipates  that lower  capacity  products  will  continue to
represent a significant  portion of its sales as consumer  applications  such as
digital  cameras  become more popular.  Sales of these lower  capacity  products
generally  have lower  average  selling  prices and gross  margins  than  higher
capacity  products.  The mix of products sold varies from quarter to quarter and
may vary in the future,  affecting the Company's  overall average selling prices
and gross margins.

     The  Company  sells  products  to the  industrial,  communications,  highly
portable  computing and consumer markets.  The mix of sales to these key markets
varies from  quarter to quarter and may vary in the  future.  While  SanDisk has
been successful winning design-ins for many new applications, it generally takes
several quarters for these new products to reach the market.  It is difficult to
predict the timing of related new product introductions and future sales volumes
from these  design-ins  as the success of the  products is  uncertain.  As these
markets develop,  competition is expected to increase, which could cause average
selling  prices  and gross  margins  to  decline.  See "Item 1:  Business - Risk
Factors - Competition."

     Order  visibility  weakened  during the last half of 1996. The Company also
experienced a shift in its customer order profile.  The current glut and rapidly
declining average selling prices that have afflicted the DRAM, SRAM and Standard
Flash  markets,  coupled with the slower than  expected  growth in demand in the
Company's  markets,  has brought about an expectation  of drop-ship  purchasing,
with few or no long term purchase orders.  Consequently,  the turns component of
the  Company's  business  is  increasing.  SanDisk's  backlog at the end of 1996
shrank to $5.8 million,  the lowest level in two years. If the Company is unable
to substantially  increase its "turns" business,  its results of operations will
be  materially  adversely  affected  by this trend.  To adapt to these  evolving
market  conditions,  the Company shifted to more in-house  manufacturing  in the
third  quarter of 1996 to reduce costs and lead times and to position  itself to
respond quickly to changes in customer demand. The current limited visibility of
orders  could  continue  indefinitely  until the new  markets  addressed  by the
Company's  products enter a more  predictable  growth phase and demand begins to
create longer lead times.

    Historically,  a  majority  of the  Company's  sales  have been to a limited
number of customers.  Sales to the  Company's  top ten  customers  accounted for
approximately 71%, 80% and 81%, respectively,  of the Company's product revenues
in 1996,  1995 and 1994.  The Company  expects  that sales of its  products to a
limited number of customers  will continue to account for a substantial  portion
of its revenues for the foreseeable future.

    The Company has also experienced  significant  changes in the composition of
its major  customer  base from year to year and expects this pattern to continue
as market demand for such customers' products  fluctuates.  For example,  during
the fourth quarter of 1996, the volume of large OEM orders  decreased due to the
timing of customer's product introductions. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors
- - Customer Concentration."

                                       22
<PAGE>



    Export sales  continue to be an  important  part of the  Company's  business
representing 55% and 57% of total revenues in 1996 and 1995,  respectively.  The
Company invoices  certain  Japanese  customers in yen and is subject to exchange
rate fluctuations on these transactions. The Company expects international sales
to continue to constitute a significant portion of revenues. See "Item 1:
Business - Risk Factors - International Operations."

     Royalty  Revenues.  Royalty  revenues from patent cross license  agreements
were $8.0  million in 1996 up from $1.3  million in 1995.  Total  revenues  from
patent licenses and royalties increased to 8% of total revenues in 1996, up from
2% in 1995. In December  1996,  the Company  entered into a patent cross license
agreement with Sharp  Corporation.  The Company also entered into a patent cross
license  agreement  with Intel in October 1995. In the future,  the Company will
receive royalties under these agreements based on sales of flash products.

    Gross Profits.  In fiscal 1996, gross profits  increased to $38.9 million or
39.8% of revenues  from $26.2  million or 41.7% of  revenues  in 1995,  and $7.3
million or 20.6% of revenues in 1994.  SanDisk  completed  its  transition  from
16Mbit to 32Mbit  technology  in the third  quarter of 1996.  For the year ended
December  31, 1996,  32Mbit  products  represented  70% of the  Company's  units
shipped up from 6% in the prior year.  Product gross margins declined in 1996 to
34.5% of product  revenues from 40.6% in 1995 due to the shift in product mix to
lower  capacity  products  where average  selling  prices  declined  faster than
product costs. Revenues from patent cross-license royalties partially offset the
lower product gross margins in 1996.

    The Company expects price competition to increase in the future,  which will
likely  result in  decreased  average  selling  prices and gross  margins.  As a
result,  the Company  expects gross margins to decline in the near term from the
level  experienced  in 1996,  and gross  margins  are  expected to be subject to
fluctuation for the foreseeable future. To remain competitive,  the Company will
be  focusing on a number of programs  to lower its  manufacturing  costs.  These
include  transitioning from single to double density flash designs,  from 0.5 to
0.35 micron  manufacturing  processes,  and  utilizing 8 inch  instead of 6 inch
wafers.  These transitions are expected to occur over the next several quarters.
The  utilization of  semiconductor  devices with greater memory capacity and the
design and  implementation  of new  semiconductor  manufacturing  processes  can
entail  a  number  of  problems,   including   lower  yields   associated   with
semiconductor device production and production delays. There can be no assurance
that such devices or processes will be successfully  developed by the Company or
that development of such processes will lower manufacturing  costs. See "Item 1:
Business - Risk Factors - Risks  Associated with  Transitioning  to New Products
and Processes."

    Due to the  emerging  nature of the  Company's  markets and certain  planned
product transitions, the Company has had difficulty forecasting future inventory
levels  required  to meet  customer  demand.  As a  result  of both  contractual
obligations and manufacturing cycle time, the Company has been required to order
wafers from its  foundries  approximately  six months in advance of the ultimate
shipment of its products. Under the Company's wafer supply agreements, there are
limits on the number of wafers the Company can order and the  Company's  ability
to change that quantity is  restricted.  Accordingly,  the Company's  ability to
react to significant  fluctuations  in demand for its products is limited.  As a
result,  the  Company  has not been  able to match  its  purchases  of wafers to
specific  customer  orders and  therefore  the Company has taken write downs for
potential  excess  inventory  purchased prior to the receipt of customer orders.
These  adjustments  decrease  gross  margins in the  quarter  reported  and have
resulted,  and could in the future result, in fluctuations in gross margins on a
quarter to quarter basis. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors - Fluctuations in
Operating Results."

    Currently  a  significant  portion  of the  Company's  wafer  purchases  are
denominated in Japanese Yen. As a result,  exchange rate fluctuations can affect
the Company's business,  financial condition and results of operations See "Item
1: Business - Risk Factors - International Operations."

    Research  and  Development.   Research  and  development   expenses  consist
principally  of salaries  and  benefits  for design and  development  engineers,
patent application costs, prototype supplies and contract services. Research and
development expenditures increased to $10.2 million in 1996 from $8.0 million in
1995 and $5.9  million  in 1994.  As a  percentage  of  revenues,  research  and
development  costs  represented 10.4% in 1996, 12.8% in 1995, and 16.7% in 1994.
Research and  development  expenses  increased in 1996 and 1995 primarily due to
salary  and  benefit  costs  associated  with  additional  personnel.  In  1996,
increased  depreciation due to capital  equipment  additions during the year and
higher contract  service  expenses also  contributed to the increase in research
and development expenses. In

                                       23
<PAGE>


1995,  increased patent application related expenses and higher prototype supply
expenses  contributed  to  the  increase.   The  Company  expects  research  and
development  expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars to support the
development of new  generations of flash data storage  products and the transfer
of the Company's products to new foundries.

    Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing  expenses include salaries,  sales
commissions,  benefits and travel expenses for the Company's  sales,  marketing,
customer service and  applications  engineering  personnel.  These expenses also
include  advertising  and  tradeshow  expenses  and  independent  manufacturer's
representatives  commissions.  Sales and  marketing  expenses  increased to $8.8
million in 1996 from $6.6 million in 1995 and $4.0  million in 1994.  The growth
in sales  and  marketing  expenses  in both 1996 and 1995 was  primarily  due to
higher payroll and benefit related expenses  associated with increased headcount
levels,   higher  outside  sales  commissions  and  increased  travel  expenses.
Increased public relations expenses also contributed to the increase in 1995. As
a percentage of revenues, sales and marketing expenses represented 9.0% in 1996,
10.4% in 1995, and 11.3% in 1994.

    General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses include the
cost of the Company's finance, information systems, human resources, shareholder
relations,  legal  and  administrative  functions.  General  and  administrative
expenses  increased  to $7.4  million in 1996 from $3.8 million in 1995 and $2.2
million  in 1994.  As a  percentage  of  revenues,  general  and  administrative
expenses  increased to 7.6% of revenues from 6.1% in 1995 and 1994. The increase
in general and administrative  expenses in 1996 and 1995 was primarily due to an
increase  in  professional  and legal fees  associated  with the  defense of the
Company's  patents  and salary and  benefit  costs  associated  with  additional
personnel.  The  Company  spent  approximately  $3.0  million on patent  related
litigation in 1996. A substantial portion of these expenses related to SanDisk's
ITC complaint against Samsung Electronics  Company.  See Note 4 to the Company's
financial statements contained in Item 8 of this report.

    Interest and Other Income. Interest and other income was $3,154,000 in 1996,
$1,749,000  in 1995,  and  $593,000 in 1994.  The increase in interest and other
income since 1994 was due to increased cash and  investment  balances and higher
interest rates.

    Interest Expense.  Interest expense of $3,000 in 1996,  $37,000 in 1995, and
$99,000 in 1994 was related to capital equipment leases which expired at various
times during 1995 and 1996.  The Company had no  outstanding  capital  leases at
December 31, 1996.

    Provision for Income Taxes. The Company's 1996 and 1995 effective income tax
rates were  approximately  7.3% and 4.5%,  respectively.  The 1996 effective tax
rate is higher than the 1995 rate primarily due to increased foreign withholding
taxes. The effective tax rate is substantially  below the federal statutory rate
due to the  utilization  of federal and state net operating  loss and tax credit
carryforwards.  The Company had no tax provision in 1994 due to operating losses
incurred.  As of December 31, 1996, the Company had federal and state tax credit
carryforwards of approximately  $750,000 and $75,000,  respectively,  which will
expire at various dates beginning in 2008 through 2011.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As of December 31, 1996,  the Company had working  capital of $77.0 million,
which  included  cash  and cash  equivalents  of $19.3  million  and  short-term
investments of $55.0 million. The Company has a line of credit with a commercial
bank under which it can borrow up to $10 million  with a term through July 1997.
The  line of  credit  has  restrictions  on the  payment  of cash  dividends  to
stockholders  and requires  the Company to maintain  certain  minimum  financial
requirements. At December 31, 1996, the Company had $6.2 million committed under
the line of credit for standby  letters of credit.  The Company  currently is in
compliance  with all  covenants  in the line of credit  agreement.  The  Company
intends  to either  renew its line of credit or  negotiate  a new line of credit
upon the expiration of its current line.

 The  Company  has  experienced  positive  operating  cash flow  since the third
quarter of 1994.  Cash provided by operations  was $13.4 million in 1996,  $12.4
million in 1995 and $1.7 million in 1994.

                                       24

<PAGE>


    Net cash used in investing  activities of $22.2 million in 1996 consisted of
net purchases of short term  investments of $13.8 million and capital  equipment
purchases of $8.4 million.  In 1995, $35.4 million of cash was used in investing
activities. This included $31.6 million of net purchases of investments and $3.8
million of capital expenditures. In 1994, investing activities provided net cash
of $3.9 million,  reflecting  net sales of investments of $5.3 million offset by
capital expenditures of $1.4 million.

    During 1996,  financing  activities  provided $0.8 million of cash primarily
from the sale of common  stock  through the SanDisk  stock  option and  employee
stock purchase  plans.  Payments  against  capital  leases of $98,000  partially
offset  the  proceeds  from the sale of  common  stock.  Net  cash  provided  by
financing  activities for 1995 was $39.1 million,  representing  sales of common
stock in the  Company's  initial  public  offering in  November  and the sale of
preferred  stock  earlier in the year.  These  amounts  were offset by principal
payments  on  capital  leases  of $0.5  million.  Net  cash  used  in  financing
activities in 1994 was $0.5 million,  representing principal payments on capital
leases offset by sales of common and preferred stock and warrants.

    The Company  believes  that its existing  working  capital and its available
line of credit will be sufficient to meet the  Company's  currently  anticipated
working capital and capital expenditure  requirements through at least 1997. The
Company  expects  capital  expenditures to increase in 1997 to support growth in
operations.  Depending on the demand for the Company's products, the Company may
decide to make substantial  additional  investment in manufacturing  capacity to
support its business in the future.

Impact of Currency Exchange Rates

    The Company  currently  purchases  wafers  from  Matsushita  under  purchase
contracts  denominated  in yen. A portion  of the  Company's  revenues  are also
denominated in yen.  Foreign exchange  exposures  arising from the Company's yen
denominated  commitments and related  accounts  payable are offset to the extent
the Company has yen denominated  accounts  receivable and cash balances.  To the
extent such foreign exchange  exposures are not offset,  the Company enters into
foreign exchange forward  contracts to hedge against changes in foreign currency
exchange rates. At December 31, 1996, there were no forward  exchange  contracts
outstanding. While the impact of movements in currency exchange rates on foreign
exchange  contracts  substantially  offsets the related impact on the underlying
items  hedged,  the  appreciation  of the yen  against  the U.S.  Dollar in 1995
resulted in higher costs to the Company,  which were  reflected in the Company's
gross  margins in the second half of 1995.  Future  exchange  rate  fluctuations
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.


                                       25
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                    Contents
                                                                       Page

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors................       27
Consolidated Balance Sheets......................................       28
Consolidated Statements of Operations............................       29
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity..................       30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows............................       31
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.......................       32



                                       26
<PAGE>


               REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
SanDisk Corporation

    We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of SanDisk
Corporation  as of  December  31, 1996 and 1995,  and the  related  consolidated
statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended  December 31, 1996. Our audits also included the
financial  statement schedule listed in the index at Item 14(a). These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility  is to  express  an opinion  on these  financial  statements  and
schedule based on our audits.

    We conducted  our audits in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
SanDisk  Corporation at December 31, 1996 and 1995 and the consolidated  results
of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December 31, 1996,  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered  in  relation  to the basic  financial  statements  taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California

January 17, 1997, except for Note 4
for which the date is February 26, 1997



                                       27
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                                          1996        1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                               $   19,323   $  27,255
    Short-term investments                                      54,965      41,140
    Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
       accounts of $593 in 1996 and 1995                        11,885       8,428
    Inventories                                                  9,630      10,411
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                    1,684         534
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total current assets                                        97,487      87,768
Property and equipment, at cost:
    Machinery and equipment                                     17,937      10,900
    Leasehold improvements                                       1,695         354
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                19,632      11,254
    Accumulated depreciation and amortization                    9,347       7,000
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                10,285       4,254
Deposits and other assets                                          496         125
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                                $  108,268   $  92,147
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable                                        $    7,595   $   9,053
    Accrued payroll and related expenses                         2,857       1,946
    Other accrued liabilities                                    4,354       2,862
    Deferred income                                              5,652       5,905
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total current liabilities                                   20,458      19,766
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
    Preferred stock, $0.001 par value
       Authorized shares:  4,000,000
       Issued and outstanding:  none                                 -           -
    Common stock, $0.001 par value
        Authorized shares:  40,000,000
        Issued and outstanding:  22,326,584 in 1996 and
            22,004,820 in 1995                                      22          22
    Capital in excess of par value                              98,211      97,272
    Accumulated deficit                                        (10,423)    (24,913)
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                      87,810      72,381
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                  $  108,268   $  92,147
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements

                                       28
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(In thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                           1996           1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>            <C>             <C>
Revenues
     Product                                  $  89,599      $  61,589       $  35,378
     Royalties                                    8,000          1,250               -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                   97,599         62,839          35,378

Cost of revenues                                 58,707         36,613          28,074
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                                    38,892         26,226           7,304
Operating expenses
     Research and development                    10,181          8,043           5,918
     Sales and marketing                          8,792          6,564           3,996
     General and administrative                   7,445          3,842           2,171
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                         26,418         18,449          12,085
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                          12,474          7,777          (4,781)
Interest and other income, net                    3,154          1,749             593
Interest expense                                     (3)           (37)            (99)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before taxes                       15,625          9,489          (4,287)
Provision for income taxes                        1,140            424               -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                             $  14,485      $   9,065       $  (4,287)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) per share (pro forma for 1994)
     Primary                                  $    0.60      $    0.91       $   (0.23)
     Fully diluted                            $    0.60      $    0.43       $   (0.23)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares used in computing net income
  (loss) per share (pro forma for 1994)
     Primary                                     24,206          9,983          18,872
     Fully diluted                               24,206         20,856          18,872
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements


                                       29
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Convertible                              Capital In                                Total
                                         Preferred Stock         Common Stock       Excess of      Accumulated       Stockholders'
                                      Shares      Amount     Shares     Amount      Par Value          Deficit              Equity
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>             <C>               <C>
Balance at January 1, 1994            14,649     $   15      2,722     $    3      $   57,535      $   (29,691)      $      27,862
Exercise of preferred stock warrants      15          -          -          -              62                -                  62
Exercise of common stock grants
    and options for cash, net of
    repurchases                            -          -        111          -              35                -                  35
Net loss                                   -          -          -          -               -           (4,287)             (4,287)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994          14,664         15      2,833          3          57,632          (33,978)             23,672
Sale of preferred stock, net of
    issuance costs                       665          -          -          -           6,215                -               6,215
Conversion of preferred stock into
   common stock at IPO               (15,329)       (15)    15,329         15               -                -                   -
Initial Public Offering, net of
   issuance costs                          -          -      3,701          4          33,336                -              33,340
Exercise of common stock grants
    and options for cash, net of
    repurchases                            -          -        142          -              89                -                  89
Net income                                 -          -          -          -               -            9,065               9,065
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1995               -          -     22,005         22          97,272          (24,913)             72,381
Exercise of common stock grants
    and options by employees for cash      -          -        168          -              95                -                  95
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan           -          -         92          -             783                -                 783
Exercise of common stock warrants          -          -         62          -               -                -                   -
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                     -          -          -          -              61                -                  61
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                      -          -          -          -               -                5                   5
 Net income                                -          -          -          -               -           14,485              14,485
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1996               -     $    -     22,327     $   22      $   98,211      $   (10,423)      $      87,810
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements


                                       30
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                                       1996             1995             1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>              <C>              <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income (loss)                                           $14,485          $ 9,065          $(4,287)
Adjustments to  reconcile  net income  (loss) to net cash  provided by operating
   activities:
       Depreciation                                           2,347            1,625            1,952
       Deferred tax                                          (1,000)               -                -
       Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable                               (3,457)          (4,311)          (1,396)
           Inventory                                            781           (6,337)             325
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets           (250)            (293)             130
           Deposits and other assets                           (271)             581             (161)
           Accounts payable                                  (1,458)           4,721            2,167
           Accrued payroll and related expenses                 911            1,000              422
           Other accrued liabilities                          1,590            1,031              940
           Deferred income                                     (253)           5,348              558
           Pledged cash                                           -                -            1,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total adjustments                                          (1,060)           3,365            5,937
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                    13,425           12,430            1,650
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of short-term investments                         (47,977)         (40,326)         (23,867)
Proceeds from short-term investments                         34,157            8,711           29,155
Acquisition of property and equipment                        (8,378)          (3,791)          (1,369)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities         (22,198)         (35,406)           3,919
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
Sale of common stock and warrants,
  net of repurchases                                            939           33,429               35
Sale of convertible preferred stock,
  net of issuance costs                                           -            6,215               62
Principal payments under capital leases                         (98)            (523)            (629)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities             841           39,121             (532)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents         (7,932)          16,145            5,037
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year               27,255           11,110            6,073
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                    $19,323          $27,255          $11,110
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the period for interest                    $     3          $    37          $    99
Cash paid for income taxes                                  $   451          $   219                -
Conversion of preferred stock to common stock               $     -          $63,683                -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements


                                       31
<PAGE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Note 1:  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Nature of Operations

    SanDisk  Corporation  (the Company) was  incorporated in Delaware on June 1,
1988, to design,  manufacture,  and market  industry-standard,  solid-state mass
storage products using proprietary,  high-density  flash memory technology.  The
Company serves  customers in the  industrial,  communications,  highly  portable
computing and consumer electronics markets. Principal geographic markets for the
Company's products include the United States, Japan, the Far East and Europe. In
August 1995,  the Company  changed its name from SunDisk  Corporation to SanDisk
Corporation.

Supplier and Customer Concentrations

    A limited number of customers  historically have accounted for a substantial
portion of the Company's revenues.  Epson Hanbai accounted for approximately 26%
of total  revenues in 1996.  Three of the  Company's  customers,  Epson  Hanbai,
Kyocera  and Hewlett  Packard  accounted  for  approximately  26%,  14% and 12%,
respectively,  of total revenues in 1995. Epson Hanbai,  Hewlett Packard and NEC
USA, Inc. accounted for approximately 20%, 19% and 11%,  respectively,  of total
revenues in 1994. No other  distributor or OEM customer  constituted 10% or more
of revenues in the periods presented.  Sales of the Company's products will vary
as a result of  fluctuations  in market  demand  for such  customers'  products.
Further,  the flash data  storage  markets  in which the  Company  competes  are
characterized  by  rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry  standards,
declining average selling prices and rapid technological obsolescence.

    Certain of the raw materials  used by the Company in the  manufacture of its
products are available from a limited number of suppliers.  For example,  all of
the Company's  products  require silicon wafers which are currently  supplied by
two foundries, Matsushita in Japan and LG Semicon in Korea. As well, certain key
components  such as  controllers,  are purchased  from single source vendors for
which alternative sources are currently not available.  Shortages could occur in
these essential  materials due to the interruption of supply or increased demand
in the  industry.  If the  Company  were  unable  to  procure  certain  of  such
materials,  it would be required to reduce its  manufacturing  operations  which
could have a material adverse effect upon its results of operations.

Use of Estimates

    The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Basis of Presentation

    The Company's  fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal
year 1996  ended on  December  29,  1996.  Fiscal  years  1995 and 1994 ended on
December 31, 1995 and January 1, 1995,  respectively.  For ease of presentation,
the accompanying  financial statements have been shown as ending on the last day
of the calendar month.

Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned  subsidiaries.  All significant  intercompany  balances and
transactions have been eliminated.

Foreign Currency Transactions

    Foreign  operations  are measured  using the U.S.  dollar as the  functional
currency.  Accordingly,  monetary accounts (principally cash,  receivables,  and
liabilities) are remeasured using the foreign exchange rate at the balance

32
<PAGE>


sheet date.  Operations  accounts and  nonmonetary  balance  sheet  accounts are
remeasured  at the rate in effect at the date of  transaction.  The  effects  of
foreign currency  remeasurement are reported in current  operations and have not
been material in the periods presented.

Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

    Cash equivalents consist of short-term,  highly liquid financial instruments
with insignificant  interest rate risk that are readily  convertible to cash and
have  maturities  of  three  months  or less  from the  date of  purchase.  Cash
equivalents and short-term  investments  consist of money market funds,  taxable
commercial  paper, U.S.  Treasury bills,  U.S.  government  agency  obligations,
corporate notes and bonds with high-credit quality institutions and auction rate
preferred stock. The fair market value,  based on quoted market prices,  of cash
equivalents and short-term  investments is substantially equal to their carrying
value at December 31, 1996 and 1995.

    Under FAS 115, management  classifies  investments as  available-for-sale at
the  time of  purchase  and  periodically  reevaluates  such  designation.  Debt
securities  classified  as  available-for-sale  and are  reported at fair value.
Unrecognized gains or losses on available-for-sale  securities are included, net
of tax,  in equity  until  their  disposition.  Realized  gains and  losses  and
declines  in value  judged  to be other  than  temporary  on  available-for-sale
securities are included in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based
on the specific identification method.

     All cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 1996 and
1995  are  classified  as  available-for-sale  securities  and  consist  of  the
following:

                                               December 31,
                                        1996                 1995
                                        ----                 ----
                                              (In thousands)
   Cash equivalents:
     Money market fund               $  4,639             $  1,198
     Commercial paper                   6,370                    -
     Corporate notes / bonds            5,894                2,000
                                     --------             --------
             Total                   $ 16,903             $  3,198
                                     ========             ========


   Short term investments:
     U.S. Treasury bills and
        U.S. government agency
        obligations                $   4,183               $ 7,515
     Corporate notes / bonds          49,782                30,625
     Auction rate preferred stock      1,000                 3,000
                                    --------               -------
             Total                    54,965               $41,140
                                    ========               =======

    Unrealized  holding  gains and losses on  available-for-sale  securities  at
December  31,  1996 and 1995 and gross  realized  gains  and  losses on sales of
available-for-sale  securities during the years ended December 31, 1996 and 1995
were immaterial.

    Debt securities at December 31, 1996 and 1995, by contractual maturity,  are
shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual  maturities because
issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations.

                                                            December 31,
                                                       1996                1995
                                                   --------            --------
  Short-term investments:                                 (In thousands)
      Due in one year or less                      $ 49,675            $ 24,854
      Due after one year through two years            5,290              16,286
                                                   --------            --------
            Total                                  $ 54,965            $ 41,140
                                                   ========            ========

Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a
currently  adjusted  standard  basis  (which  approximates  actual  costs  on  a
first-in,  first-out  basis).  Market value is based upon an  estimated  average
selling price reduced by normal gross margins. Inventories are as follows:

                                       33
<PAGE>



                                                        December 31,
                                                   1996               1995
                                               --------           --------
                                                       (In thousands)
        Raw materials                          $  3,858           $  2,753
        Work-in-process                           3,475              6,921
        Finished goods                            2,297                737
                                               --------           --------
                                               $  9,630           $ 10,411
                                               ========           ========

    Given the volatility of the market,  the Company makes inventory  provisions
for  potentially  excess and obsolete  inventory based on backlog and forecasted
demand.   However,   backlog  is  subject  to   revisions,   cancellations   and
rescheduling.   Actual  demand  may  differ  from  forecasted  demand  and  such
differences may have a material effect on the financial statements.

Depreciation and Amortization

    Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated
useful  lives of the  assets,  generally  two to seven  years.  Equipment  under
capital leases is amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the
asset or the term of the lease.

Revenue Recognition

    Product  revenue is generally  recognized  at the time of  shipment,  less a
provision  for  estimated  sales  returns.  However,  revenue  on  shipments  to
distributors,  subject to  certain  rights of return  and price  protection,  is
deferred until the merchandise is sold by the distributors or the rights expire.
The Company earns royalties under certain patent cross license agreements.
Royalty revenue is recognized when earned.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share

    Primary net income (loss) per share is computed  using the weighted  average
number of shares of common stock  outstanding.  In addition,  common  equivalent
shares from Series C convertible preferred stock (using the if-converted method)
and from stock options and warrants (using the treasury stock method or modified
treasury stock method where  applicable)  have been included in the  computation
when  dilutive.  Pursuant  to  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  Staff
Accounting  Bulletins,  common and common  equivalent  (common stock options and
Series G  preferred  stock)  shares  issued by the  Company at prices  below the
assumed  public  offering  price  during the  twelve-month  period  prior to the
offering have been included in the  calculation as if they were  outstanding for
all periods  presented  prior to their  issuance  regardless of whether they are
dilutive  (using the treasury  stock method and the  anticipated  initial public
offering price). Pro forma net loss per share is presented for 1994.

    Per share information calculated on the above basis is as follows (shares in
thousands):

                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                              1996         1995          1994
                                              ----         ----          ----
Primary net income (loss) per share
  applicable to common stockholders           $0.60       $0.91        $(1.02)
Shares used in computing primary net
  income (loss) per share                    24,206       9,983          4,208
Fully diluted net income (loss) per share
  applicable to common stockholders           $0.60       $0.43        $(1.02)
Shares used in computing fully diluted
  net income (loss) per share                24,206      20,856          4,208

    Fully  diluted  earnings  per share is  calculated  using net income and the
shares  used in the primary  calculation,  as well as other  dilutive  preferred
stock  (Series  A, B, D, E,  and F)  which is not  deemed  to be a common  stock
equivalent for purposes of the primary earnings per share calculation.

                                       34

<PAGE>


    Supplemental  net income per share for 1995  computed  to give effect to the
conversion  of  redeemable  convertible  preferred  shares as of January 1, 1995
(using the if-converted method) was $ 0.43.

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

    Pro forma net loss per share has been  computed as described  above and also
gives effect, even if antidilutive, to common equivalent shares from convertible
preferred stock that  automatically  converted upon the closing of the Company's
initial public offering (using the if-converted  method). All of the convertible
preferred stock outstanding as of the closing date of the offering automatically
converted  on a  one-for-one  basis into  shares of common  stock,  based on the
number of shares of convertible  preferred stock  outstanding at the date of the
offering.

Stock Based Compensation

    The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation under APB Opinion
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related  interpretations.
Pro  forma net  income  and  earnings  per share  are  disclosures  required  by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based
Compensation," and are included in Note 5.

Note 2:  Financial Instruments

Concentration of Credit Risk

    The Company's  concentration  of credit risk consists  principally  of cash,
cash equivalents,  short-term investments,  and trade receivables. The Company's
investment policy restricts  investments to high-credit  quality investments and
limits the amounts invested with any one issuer.  The Company sells primarily to
original  equipment  manufacturers  in the United  States  and  Japan,  performs
ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition,  and generally
requires no collateral. Reserves are maintained for potential credit losses.

Off Balance Sheet Risk

    In connection with the credit agreement discussed in Note 3, the Company has
a foreign  exchange  contract line in the amount of  $15,000,000 at December 31,
1996.  Under this line,  the Company may enter into forward  exchange  contracts
which require the Company to sell or purchase foreign currencies.  There were no
forward exchange contracts outstanding at December 31, 1996 and 1995.

    Certain of the Company's purchase commitments and balance sheet accounts are
denominated in yen.  Foreign exchange  exposures  arising from the Company's yen
denominated  purchase  commitments and related accounts payable are mitigated to
the extent the Company has yen denominated  current  assets.  To the extent such
foreign  exchange  exposures are not mitigated,  the Company enters into foreign
exchange  contracts to hedge against changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
The effects of movements in currency  exchange  rates on these  instruments  are
recognized when the related operating revenues and expenses are recognized.  The
impact of movements in currency  exchange  rates on foreign  exchange  contracts
substantially  mitigates the related impact on the underlying items hedged.  The
Company  had  net  transaction  gains  (losses)  of  approximately   $(193,000),
$(20,000) and $109,000 for the years ended  December 31, 1996,  1995,  and 1994,
respectively.  These amounts are included in interest and other  income,  net in
the statement of operations.


Note 3:  Line of Credit

    The  Company  has a credit  agreement  (the  Agreement)  with a bank,  which
expires in July 1997.  Under the  provisions of the  Agreement,  the Company may
borrow up to  $10,000,000  on a  revolving  line of credit at the  bank's  prime
interest rate (8.25% at December 31, 1996).  Amounts under the revolving line of
credit can be applied to the issuance of letters of credit of up to $10,000,000.
At December  31,  1996,  $6,200,000  in letters of credit were  outstanding.  In
addition,  under the  Agreement,  the  Company  also has a  $15,000,000  foreign
exchange  contract  line (see Note 2) under  which the  Company  may enter  into
forward exchange contracts. No amounts were outstanding under the revolving line
of credit portion of the Agreement and the foreign exchange  contract portion of
the line at

                                       35
<PAGE>


December 31, 1996. The Agreement  contains covenants that require the Company to
maintain  certain  financial  ratios and levels of net worth. The agreement also
does not permit the payment of cash  dividends to  stockholders.  As of December
31, 1996, the Company was in compliance  with the covenants.  Based on available
collateral and  outstanding  letters of credit,  the amount  available under the
Agreement at December 31, 1996 was approximately $3,800,000.

Note 4:  Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

    The Company leases its headquarters and sales offices under operating leases
that expire at various dates through 2002.  Future  minimum lease payments under
operating leases at December 31, 1996 are as follows:

Year Ending December 31,

                  1997                   $  1,049,784
                  1998                      1,595,320
                  1999                      1,623,644
                  2000                      1,666,440
                  2001                      1,211,110
                  Thereafter                  573,648
                                         ------------
                  Total                  $  7,719,946
                                         ============

Rental expense under all operating leases was $1,050,000,  $789,000 and $730,000
for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 respectively.

Contingencies

    The Company is party to various legal proceedings.  In October 1995, Samsung
Electronics  Company Ltd. filed a complaint  against the Company in the Northern
District of California  accusing the Company of infringing two Samsung  patents,
seeking  declaratory  relief with respect to five  Company  patents and alleging
unspecified damages for certain other related claims. As written,  the complaint
potentially  implicates  products  that  comprised   substantially  all  of  the
Company's revenues for 1996 and 1995. The Company has received opinions from its
patent  counsel  that,  based on  information  currently  known,  the  Company's
products do not infringe one of these Samsung patents and that, based on certain
assumptions as to how Samsung would claim  infringement,  the particular  patent
claim in the other  Samsung  patent  that  Samsung  has  accused  the Company of
infringing is invalid and that the Company's products do not infringe any of the
other claims of such patent.  Nonetheless,  the Company anticipates that Samsung
will continue to pursue litigation with respect to such claims.

    On January 11, 1996, the Company filed a complaint  against Samsung with the
United States  International Trade Commission alleging that Samsung and its U.S.
sales arm, are importing and selling products that infringe two of the Company's
patents.  By its  complaint,  the Company seeks a judgment by the  International
Trade  Commission that Samsung is infringing the Company's  patents and an order
precluding  Samsung from  importing  those  infringing  products into the United
States. The U.S. International Trade Commission initiated an investigation based
upon the  Company's  complaint  against  Samsung.  On  February  26,  1997,  the
Administrative  Law Judge  assigned to the case issued an Initial  Determination
finding both SanDisk patents valid and infringed and further finding a violation
of Section  337 of the Trade Act.  This  decision  will go to the  International
Trade  Commission  which will decide  whether to approve the ruling and enter an
exclusion or cease and desist order barring  importation of Samsung flash memory
devices.  While the  ruling is  important,  no  assurance  can be given that the
Commission  will enter an exclusion or cease and desist order.  A final decision
is expected in May, 1997.

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  mask work  protection,
trademarks,  copyright  and trade secret laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and
licensing arrangements to protect its intellectual property rights. There can be
no  assurance  that  there  will not be any  disputes  regarding  the  Company's
intellectual property rights.  Specifically,  there can be no assurance that any
patents held by the Company will not be invalidated, that patents will be issued
for any of the Company's  pending  applications  or that any claims allowed from
existing or pending

                                       36
<PAGE>


patents  will be of  sufficient  scope or  strength  or be issued in the primary
countries  where  the  Company's  products  can be  sold to  provide  meaningful
protection or any commercial advantage to the Company. Additionally, competitors
of the Company may be able to design around the Company's patents.

    To preserve its intellectual property rights, the Company believes it may be
necessary to initiate  litigation with one or more third parties,  including but
not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent  infringement.
In  addition,  one or more of these  parties may bring suit against the Company.
Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant, would likely result in
significant  expense to the  Company  and divert  the  efforts of the  Company's
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is ultimately
determined  in favor of the  Company.  In the event of an adverse  result in any
such litigation, the Company could be required to pay substantial damages, cease
the  manufacture,  use  and  sale of  infringing  products,  expend  significant
resources to develop non-infringing  technology,  discontinue the use of certain
processes or obtain licenses to the infringing technology.

    From time to time the Company  agrees to indemnify  certain of its suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies  but  may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses, including attorneys fees. The Company may from time to time be engaged
in  litigation  as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.  Third  party
claims for patent  infringement  are excluded from coverage  under the Company's
insurance  policies.  There can be no assurance  that any future  obligation  to
indemnify the Company's customers or suppliers, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

    Litigation  frequently  involves  substantial  expenditures  and can require
significant  management  attention,  even if the Company ultimately prevails. In
addition,  the  results of any  litigation  matters  are  inherently  uncertain.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any
future  litigation,  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business,  financial condition and results of operations.  See "Item 1: Business
Risk Factors - Patents, Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."


Note 5:  Stockholders' Equity

Stock Purchase Agreements

    Prior to the adoption of the 1989 Stock  Benefit Plan,  the Company  entered
into stock purchase  agreements  with certain  eligible  individuals.  Under the
stock purchase  agreements,  the Company  authorized the sale of common stock to
certain employees,  directors,  and consultants at the fair value on the date of
grant,  as  determined  by the Board of  Directors.  The shares sold under these
agreements  generally  vest  over  four  years  as  determined  by the  Board of
Directors. Upon the termination of employment,  director services, or consultant
services,  unvested  shares are  subject  to  repurchase  by the  Company at the
original purchase price.

Stock Benefit Plan

    The 1989 Stock Benefit Plan, in effect  through  August 1995,  comprised two
separate programs,  the Stock Issuance Program and the Option Grant Program. The
Stock Issuance Program allowed eligible  individuals to immediately purchase the
Company's  common stock at a fair value as determined by the Board of Directors.
Such shares may be fully vested when issued or may vest over time as  determined
by the Board of Directors.  Under the Option Grant Program, eligible individuals
were granted options to purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at a fair
value,  as determined  by the Board of Directors,  of such shares on the date of
grant.  The options  generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later
than ten years from the date of grant. Unexercised options are canceled upon the
termination of employment or services. Options that are canceled under this plan
will be available for future grants under the 1995 Stock Option Plan. There were
no shares available for option grants under this plan at December 31, 1996.

     The 1995 Stock Option Plan  provides  for the  issuance of incentive  stock
options  and  nonqualified  stock  options.  Under this plan,  the  vesting  and
exercise  provisions of option grants are  determined by the Board of Directors.
The options generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later than ten
years from the date of grant.

                                       37
<PAGE>



1995 Non-employee Directors Stock Option Plan

    In August 1995, the Company  adopted the 1995  Non-employee  Directors Stock
Option Plan (the  Directors'  Plan) and reserved  150,000 shares of common stock
for issuance  thereunder.  Under this plan,  automatic option grants are made at
periodic intervals to eligible  non-employee  members of the Board of Directors.
The options vest over a four-year  period and expire ten years after the date of
grant.  At December 31,  1996, a total of 72,000  options had been granted at an
exercise prices of $10.00 and $13.375 per share.

    A summary of activity under all stock option plans follows:

                                         Total
                                     Available                       Weighted
                                    for Future           Total        Average
                               Grant/ Issuance     Outstanding Exercise Price
                                 (Shares in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 1993               174           1,481          $0.46
  Increase in authorized shares            667               -
  Granted                                (715)             715          $1.58
  Exercised                                  -           (113)          $0.31
  Canceled                                 215           (215)          $0.46
                               ---------------     -----------
Balance at December 31, 1994               341           1,868          $0.89
  Increase in authorized shares          1,566               -
  Granted                                (790)             790          $6.41
  Exercised                                  -           (141)          $0.64
  Canceled                                  59            (59)          $1.35
                               ---------------     -----------
 Balance at December 31, 1995            1,176           2,458          $2.67
  Granted                                (922)             922         $12.35
  Exercised                                  -           (168)          $0.57
  Canceled                                  68            (68)          $8.46
                               ---------------     -----------

Balance at December 31, 1996               322           3,144          $5.49
                               ===============     ===========



    At December 31, 1996, options outstanding were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Options Outstanding                             Options Exercisable
                                     -------------------                             -------------------
                              Number           Weighted       Weighted               Number
                         Outstanding            Average        Average          Exercisable          Weighted
Range of                       as of          Remaining       Exercise                as of           Average
Exercise Prices    December 31, 1996   Contractual life          Price    December 31, 1996    Exercise Price
- ---------------    -----------------   ----------------   ------------    -----------------   ---------------

<S>                       <C>                     <C>        <C>                 <C>                  <C>
 $0.15 - $ 0.75            1,125,350               6.33       $ 0.5315            1,106,684             $0.54
 $2.25 - $ 4.50              466,453               8.04       $ 2.3467              462,153             $2.35
 $6.75 - $10.00              663,555               8.61       $ 6.9850              661,555             $6.99
$11.50 - $14.62              886,050               9.87       $12.1884               24,000            $13.38
$17.25 - $20.50               22,000               9.11       $17.3829                  224            $20.50
                    ----------------     --------------   ------------    -----------------   ---------------

$ 0.15 - $20.50            3,143,408               8.06      $  5.4927            2,254,616             $2.94

</TABLE>

    There were 22,259 shares subject to repurchase  under the Stock Benefit Plan
or under stock purchase  agreements at December 31, 1996.  Approximately  46,359
shares were subject to repurchase at December 31, 1995.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    In August 1995,  the Company  adopted the Employee  Stock Purchase Plan (the
Purchase  Plan)  and  reserved  433,333  shares of  common  stock  for  issuance
thereunder.  Under the  Purchase  Plan,  qualified  employees  are  entitled  to
purchase  shares through  payroll  deductions at 85% of the fair market value at
the beginning or end of the

                                       38
<PAGE>


offering  period,  whichever is lower.  As of December 31, 1996,  shares  issued
under the Purchase Plan totaled 92,350.

Accounting for Stock Based Compensation

    The  Company has  elected to follow APB 25 and  related  interpretations  in
accounting  for its employee  stock options  because,  as discussed  below,  the
alternative  fair value  accounting  provided for under SFAS 123 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," requires use of option valuation models that were not
developed for use in valuing  employee stock options.  Under APB 25, because the
exercise  price of the Company's  stock  options  equals the market price of the
underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized.

    Pro  forma  information  regarding  net  income  and  earnings  per share is
required by SFAS 123, which also requires that the  information be determined as
if the Company has accounted for its employee stock options  granted  subsequent
to December  31,  1994 under the fair value  method of this  Statement.  For all
grants  subsequent to December 31, 1994 that were granted prior to the Company's
initial  public  offering in November  1995, the fair value of these options was
determined  using the minimum  value  method with a weighted  average  risk free
interest rate of 6.32% and an expected  life of 5 years.  The fair value for the
options granted  subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in November
1995 was  estimated  at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  single  option
pricing  model  with  the  following  weighted  average  assumptions:  risk-free
interest  rates of 6.23% and 6.37% for 1996 and 1995,  respectively;  a dividend
yield of 0.0%, a volatility factor of the expected market price of the Company's
common  stock  of  0.588  and  0.513  for 1996  and  1995,  respectively;  and a
weighted-average  expected life of the option of 5 years.  The weighted  average
fair  value of those  options  granted  were  $6.80 and $3.34 for 1996 and 1995,
respectively.

    The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded  options  which have no  vesting  restrictions  and are
fully  transferable.  In  addition,  option  models  require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including the expected stock price volatility.  Because
the  Company's  employee  stock  options  have   characteristics   significantly
different from those of traded  options,  and because  changes in the subjective
assumptions  can  materially  affect the fair value  estimate,  in  management's
opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a  reliable  single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

    Under the 1995 Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, the Company is authorized to
issue up to 433,333 shares of common stock to participating employees. Under the
terms of the Plan,  employees  can choose to have up to 10% of their annual base
earnings  withheld to purchase the Company's common stock. The purchase price of
the stock is 85% of the lower of the subscription date fair market value and the
purchase date fair market value.  Approximately  86% of eligible  employees have
participated  in the plan in 1996 and 1995.  Under the Plan,  the  Company  sold
92,350   shares  to  employees   in  1996.   Pursuant  to  APB  25  and  related
interpretations,  the Company does not  recognize  compensation  cost related to
employee  purchase rights under the Plan. To comply with the pro forma reporting
requirements of SFAS 123,  compensation  cost is estimated for the fair value of
the employees'  purchase rights using the Black-Scholes model with the following
assumptions  for those rights granted in 1996 and 1995:  dividend yield of 0.0%;
and expected life of 6 months;  expected  volatility factor of 0.588 in 1996 and
0.513 in 1995;  and a risk free interest  rate ranging from 5.36% to 5.48%.  The
weighted  average fair value of those purchase  rights granted in November 1995,
February 1996 and August 1996 were $2.01, $2.47, and $2.52, respectively.

    Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based  compensation plans been
determined  based on the fair value at the grant  dates for awards  under  those
plans  consistent  with the  method of SFAS 123,  the  Company's  net income and
earnings  per share would have been reduced to the pro forma  amounts  indicated
below:

                                          Years ended
                                          December 31,
                                      1996             1995
                                      ----             ----

Pro forma net income               $13,553,000      $8,915,000
Pro forma earnings per share       $0.56            $0.43


                                     39

<PAGE>


    Because  SFAS  123 is  applicable  only to  options  granted  subsequent  to
December 31, 1994, its pro forma effect will not be fully reflected until 1999.

Warrants

    The Company has periodically granted warrants in connection with the sale of
its stock and certain lease and bank  agreements.  The Company has the following
warrants outstanding to purchase capital stock at December 31, 1996:

Issuance           Capital      Number of   Price Per   Expiration
Date               Stock           Shares       Share   Date
- ---------------    ----------   ---------   ---------   --------------

May 1990           Common          12,094      $6.615   May 2000
June 1990          Common          66,665      $6.000   None
June 1991          Common           6,666      $6.615   June 1999
November 1991      Common          13,363      $6.615   November 1999
November 1992      Common           7,575      $3.300   June 1998

    During  1996,  the  Company  issued  61,744  shares of  common  stock for no
proceeds in the net issuance of shares upon the exercise of 91,211 warrants with
a weighted average exercise price of $4.17 per share.

Note 6:  Retirement Plan

    Effective January 1, 1992, the Company adopted a tax-deferred  savings plan,
the SanDisk  401(k) Plan,  for the benefit of qualified  employees.  The plan is
designed  to provide  employees  with an  accumulation  of funds at  retirement.
Qualified  employees  may elect to make  contributions  to the plan on a monthly
basis.  The Company may make annual  contributions to the plan at the discretion
of the Board of  Directors.  No  contributions  were made by the Company for the
years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994.


Note 7:  Income Taxes

    The  provision  for income  taxes  computed  under  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting Standard No. 109 consists of the following:

                                                 December 31,
     Current:                                   1996            1995
                                         -----------       ---------
          Federal                        $ 1,701,000       $ 312,000
          State                               42,000          66,000
          Foreign                            397,000          46,000
                                         -----------       ---------
                                         $ 2,140,000       $ 424,000

     Deferred:
          Federal                         (1,000,000)              -


     Provision for income taxes          $ 1,140,000       $ 424,000
                                         ===========       =========



                                       40
<PAGE>


    The Company's provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by
applying the federal  statutory  rates of 35% for 1996 and 1995 and 34% for 1994
to income before taxes as follows:

                                                       December 31,
                                              1996         1995          1994
                                            ------       ------       -------
Tax at U.S. statutory rate                   35.0%        35.0%       (34.0)%
Operating losses (utilized)/not utilized    (17.4)       (31.4)        34.0
Research credit                              (5.6)          -            -
Valuation allowance                          (8.0)          -            -
Foreign taxes in excess of U.S. rate          2.1           -            -
Other individually immaterial items           1.2           .9           -
                                            ------       ------      -------
                                              7.3%         4.5%         0.0%
                                            ======       ======      =======

    As of  December  31,  1996,  the  Company  had  federal and state tax credit
carryforwards  of  approximately  $750,000  and $75,000,  respectively.  The tax
credit carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in years 2008 though
2011, if not utilized.

    Deferred  income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes.  Significant components of
the  Company's  deferred  tax  assets as of  December  31,  1996 and 1995 are as
follows:

                                                          December 31,
                                                         1996         1995
                                                      -------      -------
                                 (In thousands)
  Deferred tax assets:
      Inventory reserves                              $ 2,500      $ 2,500
      Deferred revenue                                  2,000        2,300
      Other                                             1,500        1,100
      Tax credit carryforwards                            800        1,400
      Fixed assets                                        350          800
      Capitalized research and development                300          500
      Net operating loss carryforwards                               2,600
                                                      -------      -------
                                                            -
        Total deferred tax assets                       7,450       11,200
        Valuation allowance                            (6,450)     (11,200)
                                                      -------      -------
        Net deferred tax assets                       $ 1,000            -
                                                      =======      =======


    The valuation allowance decreased by approximately $4,750,000 and $3,000,000
for 1996 and 1995,  respectively,  and increased $2,600,000 in 1994.  Management
has determined,  based on the Company's history of prior operating  earnings and
its expectations for the future, that a partial valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets should be provided. Approximately $500,000 of the valuation allowance
is  attributable  to stock  option  deductions,  the  benefit  of which  will be
credited to paid in capital when realized.


Note 8:  Related Party Transactions

In January 1993, the Company entered into a joint  cooperation  agreement with a
stockholder.   Under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,   the  stockholder  had  a
nonexclusive  right to distribute flash memory products produced by the Company.
Revenues under the agreement were  approximately  $3,234,000 in 1994. There were
no revenues  attributable  to this agreement in 1995 and 1996. The agreement was
amended  in  October  1994.  Under  the  terms  of the  amended  agreement,  the
stockholder  relinquished  its right to distribute flash memory products but has
the option to reinstate this right in January 1999. In addition, under the terms
of the amended agreement, the Stockholder returned approximately $0.8 million of
inventory  in November  1994.  The Company  sold the  majority of this  returned
inventory in December 1994.  Accordingly,  the returned inventory did not have a
material  impact on the  Company's  statement of  operations  for the year ended
December 31, 1994.


                                       41
<PAGE>


Note 9:  Industry and Geographic Information

    The  Company  markets  its  products  in the  United  States  and in foreign
countries  through  its  sales  personnel,   dealers,   distributors,   and  its
subsidiaries.  Export sales account for a  significant  portion of the Company's
revenues. Geographic revenue information is as follows:

                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                        (In thousands)
                                 1996        1995         1994
                              -------     -------      -------
         United States        $43,999     $27,230      $21,799
         Export:
              Japan            43,947      24,255       11,300
              Far               4,314       8,125        1,689
         East
              Europe            5,339       3,229          590
                              -------     -------      -------
         Total                $97,599     $62,839      $35,378
                              =======     =======      =======


Note 10:  Major Customers

    Customers who accounted for at least 10% of total revenues were as follows:

                                            Years Ended December 31,

                                           1996       1995       1994
                                           ----       ----       ----
         Epson Hanbai Co., Ltd...          26%         26%       20%
         Hewlett-Packard Company            *          12%       19%
         NEC USA, Inc                       *           *        11%
         Kyocera America, Inc....           *          14%        *

* Revenues were less than 10%


ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


Not applicable.


                                       42
<PAGE>


                                    PART III


ITEM 10.      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    Directors.   Reference  is  made  to  the  information  regarding  directors
appearing  under  the  caption  "Election  of  Directors"  on pages 3 - 6 of the
Company's definitive Proxy Statement dated March 12, 1997 for its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement), which information is incorporated in this
Form 10-K by reference.  Information  regarding  executive officers is set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this 10-K.


ITEM 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    The  information  required  by  this  item  is set  forth  under  "Executive
Compensation  and Related  Information" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
              AND MANAGEMENT

    The information required by this item is set forth under "Security Ownership
of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management" in the Company's Proxy Statement
for  the  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders  which  is  incorporated  herein  by
reference.


ITEM 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    The  information  required  by this  item is set forth  under  "Compensation
Committee  Interlocks and Insider  Participation" and "Certain  Transactions" in
the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is
incorporated herein by reference.


                                       43
<PAGE>



                                     PART IV


ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

   (a)  Documents filed as part of this report

         1) All financial statements

          Index to Financial Statements                            Page
                                                                   ----
          Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors        27
          Consolidated Balance Sheets                              28
          Consolidated Statement of Operations                     29
          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity           30
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                    31
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               32-42


         2)  Financial statement schedules

          Index to Financial Statement Schedules
          Financial Statement Schedules
            II.    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts               49

All other  schedules have been omitted  because the required  information is not
present or not  present  in amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of the
schedules,  or because the information  required is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

          3)  Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      Exhibit
      Number                                       Exhibit Title
      <S>          <C>
        3.1*       Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended to date.
        3.2*       Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant
        3.3*       Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended.
        3.4*       Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
        4.1*       Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4.
        4.3*       Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among the
                   Registrant  and the  investors  and founders  named  therein,
                   dated March 3, 1995.
        4.4*       Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreements among the Registrant and the holders
                   of Series A, B and D Preferred Stock, and certain holders of Series E Preferred
                   Stock, dated January 15, 1993.
        4.5*       Series F Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement between Seagate Technology, Inc. and
                   the Registrant, dated January 15, 1993.
        4.6*       Amendment Agreement between Seagate Technology, Inc. and the Registrant, dated
                   August 23, 1995.
        4.7*       Form of Stock Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Seagate Technology, Inc.
        9.1*       Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, among the Registrant and the investors
                   named therein, dated March 3, 1995.
       10.1*       Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant and its
                   directors and officers.
       10.2*+      Foundry Agreement between Matsushita Electronics Corporation, Matsushita
                   Electronic Industrial Co., Ltd. and the Registrant, dated May 20, 1992.

</TABLE>

                                       44
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
      <S>          <C>

       10.3*+      Amendment No. 1 to MEC/SunDisk Foundry Agreement, between Matsushita Electronics
                   Corporation, Matsushita Electronic Industrial Co., Ltd. and the Registrant, dated
                   April 17, 1995.
       10.4*+      Foundry Agreement between Goldstar Electron Co., Ltd. and the Registrant, dated
                   October 13, 1993.
       10.5*+      Amendment No. 1 to the Foundry Agreement between Goldstar Electron Co., Ltd. and
                   the Registrant, dated May 10, 1994.
       10.6*+      SanDisk/Goldstar Technical Collaboration Agreement between Goldstar Electron
                   Co., Ltd. and the Registrant, dated March 25, 1994.
       10.7*+      Joint Development Agreement between NEC Corporation and the Registrant, dated
                   June 20, 1994.
       10.8*+      Joint Cooperation Agreement between the Registrant and Seagate Technology, Inc.,
                   dated January 15, 1993.
       10.9*+      Amendment and  Termination  Agreement  between the Registrant
                   and Seagate Technology, Inc., dated October 28, 1994.
       10.10*      License Agreement between the Registrant and Dr. Eli Harari, dated September 6, 1988
       10.13*      1989 Stock Benefit Plan.
       10.14*      1995 Stock Option Plan.
       10.15*      Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
       10.16*      1995 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan.
       10.17*      Patent Cross License Agreement between the Registrant and Intel Corporation,
                   dated October 12, 1995.
      10.18**      Lease Agreement between the Registrant and G.F. Properties, dated March 1, 1996.
       10.19#      Business loan agreement  between the  Registrant  and Union Bank of  California,  dated July 3,
                   1996.
      10.20++      Patent Cross License  Agreement between the Registrant and Sharp Corporation dated December 24,
                   1996.
        11.1       Computation of Earnings (Loss) Per Share.
        21.1       Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
        23.1       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors
        27.1       Financial Data Schedule for the year ended December 31, 1996. (In EDGAR format only)
<FN>
- ----------

* Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's  Registration  Statement on
Form S-1 (No. 33-96298).

** Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's 1995 Annual Report on Form
10-K.

# Previously filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 1996.

+    Confidential treatment granted as to certain portions of these exhibits.

++   Confidential treatment requested as to certain portions of these exhibits.
</FN>
</TABLE>


                                       46
<PAGE>





               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form
S-8 No. 33-96298)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation 1995 Stock Option Plan,
1995  Non-Employee  Directors Stock Option Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan
of SanDisk  Corporation  of our report dated January 17, 1997 (except Note 4, as
to which the date is  February  26,  1997),  with  respect  to the  consolidated
financial statements and schedule of SanDisk Corporation included in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 1996.




/s/ Ernst & Young LLP


San Jose, California
March 11, 1997



                                       46
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


       Pursuant  to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                      SANDISK CORPORATION




                                      By: /s/ Cindy L. Burgdorf
                                          Cindy L. Burgdorf
                                          Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice
                                          President, Finance and Administration
                                          and Secretary



DATED: March 12, 1997


                                       47
<PAGE>


                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

       KNOW ALL  PEOPLE BY THESE  PRESENTS,  that each  person  whose  signature
appears  below  constitutes  and appoints Dr. Eli Harari and Cindy L.  Burgdorf,
jointly and  severally,  his or her  attorneys  in fact,  each with the power of
substitution,  for him or her in any and all capacities,  to sign any amendments
to this Report on Form 10-K,  and to file the same,  with  exhibits  thereto and
other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys in
fact,  or his or her  substitute or  substitutes,  may do or cause to be done by
virtue thereof.

       Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Signature                                     Title                                   Date

<S>                                             <C>                                               <C>



By:          /s/ Dr. Eli Harari                 President, Chief Executive Officer                March 12, 1997
      --------------------------------------
             (Dr. Eli Harari)                              and Director



By:        /s/ Irwin Federman                          Chairman of the Board                      March 12, 1997
      ---------------------------
             (Irwin Federman)



By:      /s/ Cindy L. Burgdorf                       Chief Financial Officer,                     March 12, 1997
      ---------------------------
            (Cindy L. Burgdorf)                 Senior Vice President, Finance and
                                                   Administration and Secretary
                                                   (Principal Financial Officer)


By:       /s/ William V. Campbell                            Director                             March 12, 1997
      ------------------------------
           (William V. Campbell)


By:     /s/ Catherine P. Lego                                Director                             March 12, 1997
      ---------------------------
              (Catherine P. Lego)


By:      /s/ Dr. James D. Meindl                             Director                             March 12, 1997
        -------------------------
            (Dr. James D. Meindl)


By:             /s/ Joseph Rizzi                             Director                             March 12, 1997
      --------------------------------------
               (Joseph Rizzi)


By:          /s/ Alan F. Shugart                             Director                             March 12, 1997
      --------------------------------------
              (Alan F. Shugart)

</TABLE>



                                       48
<PAGE>


                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (In thousands)

                                              Additions
                                 Balance at   Charged to             Balance at
                                 Beginning    Costs and         *        End
Description                      of Period    Expenses    Deductions  of Period
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Year ended December 31, 1994       $560         $41          $7        $594
  Year ended December 31, 1995       $594          --          $1        $593
  Year ended December 31, 1996       $593          --          --        $593

 * Write offs


                                       49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PATENT CROSS LICENSE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>



                         PATENT CROSS LICENSE AGREEMENT
                                     BETWEEN
                    SANDISK CORPORATION AND SHARP CORPORATION


         This agreement  ("Agreement") is made by and among SanDisk Corporation,
a  Delaware  corporation,  having  an office at 140  Caspian  Court,  Sunnyvale,
California  94089,  U.S.A.  (hereinafter  referred to as  "SanDisk"),  and Sharp
Corporation,  a  Japanese  corporation,  having an office at 22-22  Nagaike-Cho,
Abeno-Ku, Osaka 545 Japan ("SHARP").


                                   WITNESSETH

         WHEREAS,  SanDisk and Sharp each own  patents  and patent  applications
covering inventions  pertinent to the design and manufacture of flash memory and
other semiconductor products; and

         WHEREAS,  SanDisk  and  Sharp  are both  engaged  in  their  respective
continuing  programs  of  research  and  development  of  flash  memory  related
technology,  which will result in new  discoveries  and inventions many of which
will become the subject of new patent applications and patents; and

         WHEREAS,  SanDisk  and  Sharp  each  want  to  respect  the  technology
contributions  of the other and want to  increase  their  freedom  to design and
manufacture  their own new products  without  infringing the rights of the other
under any patent or patent application owned or controlled by the other;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

         1.       DEFINITIONS.

                  1.1a "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation, company or other
entity  more  than  fifty  percent  (50%) of whose  outstanding  shares or stock
entitled to vote for the election of  directors  (other than any shares or stock
whose voting rights are subject to restriction) is owned or controlled by either
SanDisk or Sharp, directly or indirectly.

                  1.2 "Effective Date" shall be the date on which this Agreement
is executed by Sharp.

                  1.3  "Integrated   Circuit  Products"  shall  mean  a  unitary
electronic  circuit,  the active  circuit  elements of which are  fabricated  of
silicon  semiconductive  material,  such device  being in the form of a separate
discrete device, or integral with a silicon wafer and severable therefrom.

                  1.3a  "Flash   Memory   Integrated   Circuit"   shall  mean  a
non-volatile  memory  integrated  circuit that is electrically  programmable and
electrically erasable, and consists of (1) flash


<PAGE>


memory  cells,  each of which has a floating  gate and utilizes no more than two
different  floating  gate  charge  levels  representing  no more than one bit of
information,  and (2) any on-chip  control,  I/O,  and other  support  circuitry
necessary to the operation of the memory integrated  circuit,  in both wafer and
chip form.

                  1.4  "MLC  Flash  Memory  Integrated  Circuit"  shall  mean  a
non-volatile  memory  integrated  circuit that is electrically  programmable and
electrically erasable, and consists of (1) flash memory cells, each of which has
a floating  gate and  utilizes at least  three  different  floating  gate charge
levels  representing  more  than  one bit of  information,  and (2) any  on-chip
control,  I/O, and other  support  circuitry  necessary to the  operation of the
memory integrated circuit, in both wafer and chip form.

                  1.5 "Flash  Memory  Device"  shall mean a memory  device which
consists   of  one  or  more  Flash   Memory   Integrated   Circuits   with  the
housing/packaging and any supporting means therefor.

                  1.6 "MLC Flash Memory Device" shall mean a memory device which
consists  of  one  or  more  MLC  Flash  Memory  Integrated  Circuits  with  the
housing/packaging and any supporting means therefor.

                  1.7a "Flash Memory  System"  shall mean an integrated  circuit
memory system (including  hardware and/or  software),  which contains (i) one or
more  interconnected  Flash Memory Devices or Flash Memory Integrated  Circuits,
(ii)  in-system  control,   I/O  and  other  support  circuit(s)  that  are  (a)
interconnected  with  the  Flash  Memory  Devices  or  Flash  Memory  Integrated
Circuits,  and (b)  necessary  to the  operation of the memory  system,  with or
without the housing/packaging and supporting means therefor.

                  1.7b  "MLC  Flash  Memory  System"  shall  mean an  integrated
circuit memory system (including  hardware and/or software),  which contains (i)
one or  more  interconnected  MLC  Flash  Memory  Devices  or MLC  Flash  Memory
Integrated  Circuits,  (ii) in-system control,  I/O and other support circuit(s)
that are (a)  interconnected  with the MLC  Flash  Memory  Devices  or MLC Flash
Memory  Integrated  Circuits,  and (b)  necessary to the operation of the memory
system, with or without the housing/packaging and supporting means therefor.

                  1.8  "Triple-poly  Flash  Memory  Device"  shall mean either a
Flash  Memory  Device or a MLC  Flash  Memory  Device in which the Flash  Memory
Integrated Circuit(s) or the MLC Flash Memory Integrated Circuit(s), as the case
may be,  utilizes  poly-to-poly  erase and is  manufactured  on a  semiconductor
fabrication process which utilizes three layers of polysilicon.

                  1.8a  "Triple-Poly  Flash Memory  Product" shall mean either a
Triple-poly  Flash Memory Device,  a Flash Memory System,  or a MLC Flash Memory
System in which Triple-poly Flash Memory Devices are included.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>



                  1.8b "Etox Flash Product" shall mean (1) a Flash Memory Device
or a MLC Flash Memory Device which  utilizes poly to  source/substrate  erase or
program;  or (2) a Flash Memory  System or MLC Flash Memory  System in which all
Flash  Memory  Devices   and/or  MLC  Flash  Memory  Devices   utilize  poly  to
source/substrate erase or program.

                  1.9 "Third  Party  Flash  Software"  shall mean  software  (in
either  source code or object code form) (1) which is used  primarily to support
or enhance the  operations of Flash Memory  Devices,  MLC Flash Memory  Devices,
Flash Memory Systems,  or MLC Flash Memory Systems,  (2) which is not created or
authored by  employee(s) of Sharp or Sharp's  Subsidiaries  or of San Disk or of
SanDisk's Subsidiaries, and (3) the copyright ownership of which does not lie in
Sharp or Sharp's Subsidiaries or SanDisk or SanDisk's Subsidiaries.

                  1.9a "Flash  Business"  shall mean those  units,  entities and
assets  within  a  company  whose  primary  activity  or  usage  is  to  design,
manufacture,  or sell Flash  Memory  Devices,  MLC Flash Memory  Devices,  Flash
Memory Systems, or MLC Flash Memory Systems.

                  1.10  "SanDisk  Patents"  shall  mean all  classes or types of
patents,  utility  models and design  patents  (including,  without  limitation,
originals or divisions,  continuations,  continuations-in-part  or reissues), in
all countries or  jurisdictions  of the world now owned or controlled by SanDisk
or acquired by SanDisk  during the term of this  Agreement  which (a) are issued
prior to the  expiration or termination  of this  Agreement,  and (b) except for
consideration  paid to employees,  have no requirement to pay  consideration  to
another for the grant of a license  under this  Agreement,  and (c) apply to the
use or manufacture of Flash Memory Integrated Circuits,  Flash Memory Devices or
Flash Memory Systems.

                  1.11  "Sharp  Patents"  shall  mean  all  classes  or types of
patents,  utility  models and design  patents  (including,  without  limitation,
originals or divisions,  continuations,  continuations-in-part  or reissues), in
all countries or  jurisdictions of the world now owned or controlled by Sharp or
acquired by Sharp during the term of this  Agreement  which (a) are issued prior
to the expiration or termination of this Agreement, (b) except for consideration
paid to employees,  have no requirement to pay  consideration to another for the
grant of a license under this Agreement, and (c) apply to the use or manufacture
of Flash  Memory  Integrated  Circuits,  Flash  Memory  Devices or Flash  Memory
Systems.

                  1.12 "SanDisk Licensed  Products" shall mean any SanDisk Flash
Memory Integrated Circuits,  SanDisk Flash Memory Devices,  SanDisk Flash memory
Systems,  and Third  Party  Flash  Software  distributed  or sold by  SanDisk in
conjunction with a SanDisk Licensed Product, and shall not include any MLC Flash
Memory  Integrated  Circuits,  MLC Flash  Memory  Devices,  or MLC Flash  Memory
Systems.

                  1.13  "Sharp  Licensed  Products"  shall mean any Sharp  Flash
Memory  Integrated  Circuits,  Sharp Flash Memory Devices and Sharp Flash Memory
Systems; and Third Party Flash Software where such Third Party Flash Software is
distributed or sold by Sharp in conjunction  with a Shap Licensed  Product,  and
shall not include any Triple-Poly Flash memory Device or Product,

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


MLC Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuits,  MLC Flash  Memory  Devices or MLC Flash
Memory Systems.

                  1.14     "Net Sales" shall mean the following:

                           (A) "Net  Sales" with  respect to any Sharp  Licensed
Products  which  are first  sold in the form of Flash  Memory  Devices  or Flash
Memory Integrated  Circuits as individual items shall mean the invoice price for
said Memory Devices or Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuits billed by the IC Group
of Sharp and/or  Subsidiaries  of Sharp;  except  that,  where such sales are to
another  Sharp  subsidiary,  division  or group,  then Net Sales  shall mean the
higher of the invoice price billed,  or the then current  average  selling price
(ASP) for such products to third party customers of Sharp.

                           (B) "Net  Sales" with  respect to any Sharp  Licensed
Products which are first sold in the form of Flash Memory Systems shall mean the
total  invoice  price of all Flash  Memory  Devices or Flash  Memory  Integrated
Circuits used in such Flash Memory Systems when sold as individual  items by the
IC Group of Sharp or its Subsidiaries to third party customers of Sharp, or when
there are no comparable  sales of the same Flash Memory  Devices or Flash Memory
Integrated  Circuits as individual items, Net Sales shall mean the invoice price
for equivalent Flash Memory Devices or Flash Memory Integrated  Circuits sold as
individual  items by the IC Group  of  Sharp or  Subsidiaries  of Sharp to third
party customers of Sharp.  In case there are no equivalent  Flash Memory Devices
or Flash Memory Integrated  Circuits by reason of the fact that the Flash Memory
System  includes only Flash Memory Devices or Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuits
with a total  capacity of less than the  capacity of the lowest  capacity  Flash
Memory  Integrated  Circuit or Flash Memory Device then being sold by Sharp, Net
Sales of such Flash  Memory  Systems  shall be  calculated  by  multiplying  the
invoice price of the lowest  capacity Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuit or Flash
Memory Device,  whichever is lower,  then being sold to third party customers of
Sharp,  by the fraction A/B, where A is the capacity of the Flash Memory Devices
or Flash Memory Integrated  Circuits included in the Flash Memory System,  and B
is the capacity of the lowest capacity Flash Memory Integrated  Circuit or Flash
Memory Device then being sold by Sharp. In no case, however,  shall Net Sales of
such Flash Memory  Systems  exceed the invoice price of the Flash Memory Systems
themselves.  If the Flash Memory System  includes  Flash Memory Devices or Flash
Memory Integrated  Circuits with a total capacity of less than 1 megabit (Mbit),
then sales of such Flash Memory Systems shall not be included in Net Sales.

                           (C) In either case, the invoice price shall be net of
discounts  actually  granted,  insurance  fees and  packing  and  transportation
charges as invoiced separately to customers, refunds actually paid in connection
with product returns,  and duties and sales taxes actually  incurred and paid by
Sharp and/or Subsidiaries in connection with delivery of such Licensed Products.

                           (D) Notwithstanding the above, once the invoice price
of Flash Memory Devices or Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuits have been included
in the Net Sales under paragraph  1.14(a),  any sales of the Flash Memory System
incorporating  said Flash  Memory  Devices or Flash Memory  Integrated  Circuits
shall not be included in Net Sales under paragraph (B).

                                      -4-
<PAGE>



         2.       MUTUAL RELEASES.

                  2.1 SanDisk hereby  releases,  acquits and forever  discharges
Sharp, and only Sharp,  from any and all claims or liability for infringement of
any SanDisk  Patents  arising  prior to the  Effective  Date of this  Agreement,
within the scope of the license granted herein by SanDisk.

                  2.2 Sharp  hereby  releases,  acquits and  forever  discharges
SanDisk, and only SanDisk, from any and all claims or liability for infringement
of any Sharp  Patents  arising prior to the  Effective  Date of this  Agreement,
within the scope of the license granted herein by Sharp.

         3.       GRANT OF LICENSES BY SANDISK.

                  3.1   SanDisk   hereby   grants   to   Sharp    non-exclusive,
non-transferable, worldwide licenses under SanDisk Patents (without the right to
sublicense)  to make,  to have made,  to use, to sell, to offer for sale (either
directly or indirectly), and to import, Sharp Licensed Products.

                  3.2 The  license  grant of  Paragraph  3.1  does not  cover or
extend to Sharp's  manufacture of products for a third party (commonly  referred
to as foundry  activities)  unless such products' design  originates wholly with
Sharp or is owned or controlled wholly by Sharp;  provided,  however,  that this
exclusion  shall not apply to (1) Sharp's  library tools or standard  cells that
Sharp  incorporates into any standard or custom integrated circuit (IC) products
that  Sharp  manufactures  for its  customers,  or (2) any  Sharp  semiconductor
manufacturing  processes which Sharp otherwise  utilizes in manufacturing  Sharp
products of Sharp's own design.

                  3.3 Nothing in these grants to Sharp or otherwise contained in
this  Agreement  shall either  expressly  or  impliedly  give Sharp the right to
license  SanDisk  Patents  to others.  Nor shall the sale of any Sharp  Licensed
Products provide or give rise to an implied  license,  by estoppel or otherwise,
in favor of third parties to any SanDisk Patents,  covering combinations of such
Sharp  Licensed  Products  with any other  products  or  methods  of using  such
combinations, except to the extent that the sale of such Sharp Licensed Products
exhausts the relevant SanDisk Patents.

                  3.4 The releases and licenses granted herein to Sharp shall be
extended to all Sharp  Subsidiaries in existence as of the Effective Date. Sharp
may, at its own  discretion,  extend the licenses  granted  under  Paragraph 3.0
hereof to any Sharp Subsidiary that comes into existence during the term of this
Agreement;  provided, however, that the licenses so extended shall be limited to
the using,  making,  having  made,  selling and offering to sell  (directly  and
indirectly),  and importing Sharp Licensed Products only. The patents of a Sharp
Subsidiary  to which such licenses have been so extended will be included in the
Sharp Patents.  The extension to a Sharp  Subsidiary shall apply only during the
time period when the business  entity meets all  requirements  of a  Subsidiary.
Upon  written  request by SanDisk,  Sharp will give  SanDisk  written  notice to
identify any Sharp Subsidiary to which such a license has been extended.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>


         4.       GRANT OF LICENSES BY SHARP.

                  4.1   Sharp   hereby   grants   to   SanDisk    non-exclusive,
non-transferable,  royalty-free, worldwide licenses under Sharp Patents (without
the right to  sublicense)  to make,  to have made,  to use, to sell and offer to
sell (either directly or indirectly), and to import SanDisk Licensed Products.

                  4.2 The  license  grant of  Paragraph  4.1  does not  cover or
extend to SanDisk's manufacture of products for a third party (commonly referred
to as foundry  activities)  unless such products' design  originates wholly with
SanDisk or is owned or controlled  wholly by SanDisk;  provided,  however,  that
this exclusion shall not apply to (1) SanDisk's  library tools or standard cells
that SanDisk  incorporates into any standard or custom  integrated  circuit (IC)
products  that  SanDisk  manufactures  for its  customers,  or (2)  any  SanDisk
semiconductor  manufacturing  processes  which  SanDisk  otherwise  utilizes  in
manufacturing SanDisk products of SanDisk's own design.

                  4.3 Nothing in this grant to SanDisk or otherwise contained in
this  Agreement  shall either  expressly or impliedly  give SanDisk the right to
license Sharp Patents to others. Nor shall sale of any SanDisk Licensed Products
provide or give rise to an implied license,  by estoppel or otherwise,  in favor
of third  parties to any Sharp  Patents  covering  combinations  of such SanDisk
Licensed Products with any other products or methods of using such combinations,
except to the extent that the sale of such SanDisk  Licensed  Products  exhausts
the relevant Sharp Patents.

                  4.4 The releases and licenses  granted herein to SanDisk shall
be extended to all SanDisk  Subsidiaries  in existence as of the Effective Date.
SanDisk may, at its own discretion,  extend the licenses granted under Paragraph
4.0 hereof to any SanDisk  Subsidiary that comes into existence  during the term
of this  agreement;  provided,  however,  that the licenses so extended shall be
limited  to the  using,  making,  having  made,  selling  and  offering  to sell
(directly and indirectly),  and importing  SanDisk  Licensed  Products only. The
patents of a SanDisk  Subsidiary  to which such  licenses  have been so extended
will be included in the SanDisk Patents.  The extension to a SanDisk  Subsidiary
shall  apply only  during the time period  when the  business  entity  meets all
requirements of a Subsidiary.  Upon written request by Sharp,  SanDisk will give
Sharp written notice to identify any SanDisk  Subsidiary to which such a license
has been extended.

                  4.5 Sharp shall not assert,  directly  or  indirectly,  in any
manner or in any forum,  any  patents or patent  claims  against any SanDisk MLC
Flash Memory  Device or SanDisk MLC Flash Memory  System during the term of this
Agreement,  until such time as Sharp makes commercial sales of its own MLC Flash
Memory Devices and/or Systems.
Sharp shall give SanDisk notice of such sales.

         5.       PAYMENTS.

                  5.1 As further  consideration  for the  licenses  and releases
granted to Sharp herein,  Sharp shall pay to SanDisk,  unless this  Agreement is
sooner terminated by Sharp pursuant to paragraph 7.4, an initial  non-refundable
License  Fee of U.S.  *, and  thereafter,  royalties  of U.S.  * to be earned as
follows:

                                      -6-
*Confidential treatement requested.
<PAGE>


       (1)      U.S. * for the period from the Effective Date to March 31, 1997
       (2)      U.S. * for the period from April 1, 1997 to September 30, 1997
       (3)      U.S. * for the period from October 1, 1997 to March 31, 1998

Payment of the sums due under this  paragraph  5.1 shall be in  accordance  with
paragraph 5.2.

Royalties  for  the  balance  of the  term of this  Agreement  shall  be paid in
accordance with paragraph 5.2a.

                  5.2 Sharp shall make payments of the license fee and royalties
due in accordance with paragraph 5.1 as follows:

        (1)      U.S. * on or before December 27, 1996
        (2)      U.S. * on or before April 30, 1997
        (3)      U.S. * on or before October 30, 1997
        (4)      U.S. * on or before April 30, 1998


                   5.2a Sharp shall pay to SanDisk  royalties on  worldwide  Net
Sales of all Sharp Licensed Products,  exclusive of Sharp Licensed Products sold
to Intel  Corporation  and/or  SanDisk,  from and  after  April 1,  1998 for the
balance  of the  term of this  agreement,  calculated  on a  quarterly  basis in
accordance with the percentage royalty set forth on the following schedule:

   (1) For the period from April 1, 1998 to March 31, 1999, * of net sales
   (2) For the period from April 1, 1999 to March 31, 2000, * of net sales
   (3) For the period from April 1, 2000 to March 31, 2001, * of net sales, and;
   (4) For the period from April 1, 2001 to March 31, 2002, * of net sales.

                   5.2b  Starting  April 1, 1998,  Sharp agrees to make payments
twice a year  for  royalties  earned  in the  two  previous  calendar  quarters.
Payments  will be made (1) on or before  October 30 for quarters  ending June 30
and September 30; (2) on or before April 30 for quarters  ending December 31 and
March 31.  Royalties shall accrue upon the first sale,  transfer or lease of any
Sharp Licensed Product.

                   5.3 All  payments  by  Sharp  hereunder  shall be made net of
applicable  Japanese  withholding  taxes. All payments shall be in U.S. dollars,
wire  transferred to SanDisk in accordance  with the  instructions  set forth on
Exhibit  A.  SanDisk  shall  bear all taxes  imposed  on it with  respect to the
payments  under  this  Section,  provided,  however,  that  if  so  required  by
applicable  law,  Sharp  shall  withhold  the  amount  of  taxes  levied  by the
Government of Japan on payments to be made by Sharp pursuant to this  Agreement,
and shall promptly make payment of the withheld  amount to the  appropriate  tax
authorities of the  Government of Japan and shall  transmit to SanDisk  official
tax  receipts  or other  evidence  issued by said  appropriate  tax  authorities
sufficient to enable  SanDisk to support a claim for United States tax credit in
respect to such withheld taxes so paid by Sharp.

                                      -7-
* Confidential treatement requested.
<PAGE>


                  5.4 Starting on or before July 30, 1998,  Sharp shall  provide
to SanDisk a statement of quarterly  worldwide sales of Sharp Licensed  Products
within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter. SanDisk shall have the right
to have an independent third party accounting firm audit, at SanDisk's  expense,
Sharp's  compliance with this section 5.0, upon reasonable  notice to Sharp. The
auditor  will  maintain  in  confidence  any cost,  margin,  or other  financial
information obtained during the course of the audit, and shall not disclose such
information  to SanDisk or any third party.  The auditor may only notify SanDisk
whether or not Sharp is in  compliance  with this section 5.0, and, if not, what
the correct  royalties  should have been.  Such audit shall be conducted no more
than once a year.  Sharp shall maintain  appropriate  records for one year after
the end of each accounting  year. Sharp shall promptly remedy any failure to pay
the correct  royalty.  Reimbursement  will be made for any  overpayment.  To the
extent an exchange  rate between  Japanese yen and U.S.  dollars is required for
any obligation  hereunder,  the rate used shall be the exchange rate on the last
business day of the quarterly  statement required herein which covers the period
in which the obligation is due.

         6.       COOPERATION.

                  6.1 At any  time  during  the term of this  agreement,  at the
request of either party,  the parties shall meet and negotiate in good faith for
a patent cross-license covering *. The value of any * patents issued at the time
of the * negotiations shall be taken into consideration in calculating the terms
of the *.  However,  neither  party  shall be  obligated  to enter  into  such a
license.

                  6.2 If at any time during the term of this agreement * desires
to  enter  into  an *  relationship  with * for  the * and * to * of  certain  *
products,  then * shall so inform * and the parties  shall meet and negotiate in
good faith such an arrangement;  provided,  however, that neither party shall be
obligated to enter into such an agreement.

         7.       EFFECTIVE DATE, TERM AND TERMINATION.

                  7.1 This  Agreement  shall become  effective on the  Effective
Date,  and shall  continue in effect,  unless  sooner  terminated  as  elsewhere
provided in this Agreement,  through March 31, 2002, expiring at the end of such
day.

                  7.2a If either party hereto commits a material  breach of this
Agreement  and does not correct such breach  within  forty-five  (45) days after
written notice complaining thereof is given to such party, this Agreement may be
terminated  forthwith  by written  notice to that  effect  from the  complaining
party.

                  7.2b  Either  party may  terminate  this  Agreement  by giving
written notice of termination to the other at any time upon or after:

                                      -8-
* Confidential treatement requested.
<PAGE>


                           (1) the filing by the other  party of a  petition  in
                               bankruptcy or insolvency;

                           (2) any adjudication that the other party is bankrupt
                               or insolvent;

                           (3) the filing by the other party of any  petition or
                               answer seeking  reorganization,  readjustment  or
                               arrangement   of  its  business   under  any  law
                               relating to bankruptcy or insolvency;

                           (4) the   appointment   of  a  receiver  for  all  or
                               substantially  all of the  property  of the other
                               party;

                           (5) the making by the other  party of any  assignment
                               for the benefit of creditors;

                           (6) the   institution  of  any  proceedings  for  the
                               liquidation  or winding  up of the other  party's
                               business or for the  termination of its corporate
                               charter.

                  This Agreement shall  terminate on the forty-fifth  (45th) day
after such notice of termination is given.

                  7.3a If this  Agreement  is  terminated  pursuant to Paragraph
7.2(a),  the licenses granted to the defaulting party and its Subsidiaries shall
terminate  forthwith,  but the licenses granted the non-defaulting party and its
Subsidiaries  shall survive such termination for the balance of the term of this
Agreement.  If this Agreement is terminated  pursuant to Paragraph  7.2(b),  the
licenses granted by the non-terminating  party shall survive the termination for
the balance of the term of this Agreement. Regardless of the date of termination
pursuant to Paragraph  7.2(b),  and to the extent that licenses granted to Sharp
herein survive such  termination,  the payments owing by Sharp under  Paragraphs
5.1, 5.2,  5.2a, and 5.2b shall be made as scheduled to SanDisk or its successor
company.

                  7.3b In the event  that  SanDisk is  acquired  by or is merged
into a third  party  company,  or in the event  that  SanDisk  transfers  all or
substantially  all its Flash Business to such third party company,  the licenses
granted by Sharp to SanDisk under Paragraph 4.0 hereof may be transferred to the
combined company; provided,  however, that (a) the licenses so transferred shall
become effective only from the date of such merger,  acquisition, or transfer of
the Flash Business,  and (b) the licenses so transferred shall be limited to the
using,  making,   having  made,  selling  and  offering  to  sell  (directly  or
indirectly), and importing SanDisk Licensed Products only.

                  7.3c In the event that Sharp is  acquired by or is merged into
a third party company, or in the event that Sharp transfers all or substantially
all its Flash  Business to such third party  company,  the  licenses  granted by
SanDisk to Sharp under  Paragraph 3.0 hereof may be  transferred to the combined
company;  provided,  however,  that (a) the licenses so transferred shall become
effective  only from the date of such  merger,  acquisition,  or transfer of the
Flash Business, and (b) the licenses

                                      -9-
<PAGE>


so transferred shall be limited to the using,  making,  having made, selling and
offereing  to sell  (directly  or  indirectly),  and  importing  Sharp  Licensed
Products only.


                  7.4  Upon  the  expiration  of this  Agreement,  the  licenses
granted  pursuant to this Agreement by one party hereto and its  Subsidiaries to
the other  party  hereto and its  Subsidiaries  under  SanDisk  Patents or Sharp
Patents,  as the case may be, shall terminate.  Sharp shall also have the option
to  terminate  this  Agreement  at any time  prior to March  31,  1998 by giving
written notice of  termination to SanDisk prior to that date.  Upon such notice,
this Agreement and all licenses and releases  thereunder shall terminate.  Sharp
shall remain  obligated to pay  royalties at the rate set forth in paragraph 5.1
pro-rated up through the date of termination.

                  7.5 At any time after April 1, 2001, either party may initiate
negotiations  for a renewal of the cross license  agreement beyond the March 31,
2002  expiration  date.  The royalty base for the renewed  cross license will be
reviewed in case  SanDisk's  applicable  Flash patent  applications  are finally
rejected by the Japanese Patent Office as of March 30, 2002.

         8.       MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

                  8.1 Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants that it
has the right to grant the other the licenses granted hereunder.

                  8.2 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as:

                           (a) a  warranty  or  representation  by  any  of  the
parties to this  Agreement  as to the  validity or scope of any class or type of
patent, utility model and/or design patent; or

                           (b)   a   warranty   or   representation   that   any
manufacture,  sale,  lease,  use  or  other  disposition  of  Licensed  Products
hereunder  will be free from  infringement  of patents,  utility  models  and/or
design patents other than those under which licenses have been granted; or

                           (c) an  agreement  to bring or  prosecute  actions or
suits against third parties for infringement or conferring any right to bring or
prosecute actions or suits against third parties for infringement; or

                           (d)  conferring  any  right  to use  in  advertising,
publicity, or otherwise, any trademark, trade name or names, or any contraction,
abbreviation or simulation thereof, of either party; or

                           (e) conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise,
upon any party licensed hereunder, any license or other right under any class or
type of patent,  utility  model or design  patent except the licenses and rights
expressly granted hereunder; or

                           (f) conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise,
upon any  party  licensed  hereunder,  any  license  or other  right  under  any
copyright, maskwork, or trade secret right; or

                                      -10-
<PAGE>


                           (g)  an   obligation   to   furnish   any   technical
information or know-how.

                  8.3 This Agreement is personal to the parties,  and, except as
set forth in paragraph  7.3b and 7.3c,  the Agreement or any right or obligation
hereunder, is not assignable, whether in conjunction with a change in ownership,
or the  sale or  transfer  of the  whole or any part of a  party=s  business  or
assets, either voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without the prior
written  consent of the other party.  Any such purported  assignment or transfer
shall be null and void. Assignment by either party of any of its patents, or the
applications thereof, which qualify as Licensed Patents as defined herein, shall
not affect the license rights acquired hereunder to such patent(s), and any such
assignment shall be subject to the continuing license rights of the other party.

                  8.4 All notices  required or permitted  to be given  hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be valid and  sufficient  if dispatched by prepaid
air express or by registered  airmail,  postage  prepaid,  in any post office in
Japan or in the United States, as the case may be, addressed as follows:

                           If to SanDisk:

                           Ms. Cindy Burgdorf
                           Senior Vice President and CFO
                           SanDisk Corporation
                           140 Caspian Court
                           Sunnyvale, California 94089
                                   USA

                           If to Sharp:

                           Division General Manager
                           Intellectual Property Division
                           Law Group
                           Sharp Corporation
                           22-22 Nagaike-Cho, Abeno-Ku
                           Osaka 545
                           JAPAN

                  Either party may give  written  notice of as change of address
and, after notice of such change has been received,  any notice or request shall
thereafter be given to such party as above provided at such changed address.

                  8.5 This Agreement  embodies the entire  understanding  of the
parties  with  respect  to the  subject  matter  hereof,  and  merges  all prior
discussions  between  them,  and  neither of the  parties  shall be bound by any
conditions,  definitions,  warranties,  understandings or  representations  with
respect to the subject matter hereof other than as expressly provided herein. No
oral  explanation  or oral  information  by either  party hereto shall alter the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. No

                                      -11-
<PAGE>


modification,  alteration,  addition  or  change in the  terms  hereof  shall be
binding on either  party  unless  reduced to writing  and duly  executed  by the
parties.

                  8.6 This Agreement and matters  connected with the performance
thereof shall be construed, interpreted, applied and governed in all respects in
accordance  with the laws of the  United  States  of  America  and the  State of
California.

                  8.7 Both parties agree that the content of this Agreement will
not be  published  or  disclosed  to any third party  without the other  party=s
written  permission  except  as  required  by  law or as  may  be  required  for
reasonable auditing purposes or Security and Exchange Commission disclosure. The
parties shall jointly publish the press release  attached hereto as Exhibit B on
a mutually agreed date.

                  8.8  Anything  contained  in this  Agreement  to the  contrary
notwithstanding,  the obligations of the parties hereto and of the  Subsidiaries
of the parties  shall be subject to all laws,  present and future and  including
export control laws and regulations,  of any government having jurisdiction over
the  parties  hereto  or  the  Subsidiaries  of  the  parties,  and  to  orders,
regulations,  directions  or requests of any such  government.  Each party shall
undertake to comply with and be solely  responsible for complying with such laws
applicable to such party.  The parties  hereto shall be excused from any failure
to perform any obligation hereunder to the extent such failure is caused by war,
acts of public enemies, strikes or other labor disturbances, fires, floods, acts
of God,  or any  causes of like or  different  kind  beyond  the  control of the
parties.

                  8.9 All disputes  arising  directly under the express terms of
this Agreement  shall be resolved as follows:  First,  the senior  management of
both  parties  shall meet to attempt to resolve such  disputes.  If the disputes
cannot be resolved  by the senior  management,  either  party may make a written
demand for formal  dispute  resolution.  Within  thirty days after such  written
notification,  the parties shall meet for one day with an impartial mediator and
consider  dispute  resolution   alternatives   other  than  litigation.   If  an
alternative  method of dispute  resolution is not agreed upon within thirty days
after the one day mediation, either party may begin litigation proceedings.

                                      -12-


<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on the date below written.


FOR SHARP CORPORATION                      FOR SANDISK CORPORATION


By:    /s/ Atsushi Asada                   By: /s/ Eli Harari
   --------------------------------           -----------------------------
       Printed Name Atsushi Asada              Printed Name Eli Harari
       
       Corporate Senior Executive
Title: Vice President                      Title:   President & CEO
      -----------------------------              --------------------------

Date:    December 24, 1996                 Date:    December 16, 1996
      -----------------------------              --------------------------




                                      -13-
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                                  WIRE TRANSFER
                             REMITTANCE INFORMATION
***************************************************************************

         ALL CHARGES WILL BE ABSORBED BY REMITTER.


         Bank:                      UNION BANK
                                    99 Almaden Blvd.
                                    San Jose, CA  95113

         Bank Swift #:              UBLAUS66

         Account Name:              SANDISK CORPORATION

         Account #:                 6450147581

         Bank ABA#:                 122000496

********************************************************************************








                                      -14-
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B



CONTACT: Cindy Burgdorf                                      NOT FOR RELEASE
         SanDisk Corporation                                 UNTIL DEC XX, 1996



                       SHARP AND SANDISK SIGN FLASH PATENT

                            CROSS-LICENSING AGREEMENT


         SUNNYVALE,   CA,  Dec.  XX,  1996  --  Sharp  Corporation  and  SanDisk
Corporation   (NASDAQ:   SNDK)   today   announced   that  they  have  signed  a
cross-licensing agreement for flash memory related patents.

         Under the  agreement,  Sharp and SanDisk  have  licensed  each  other's
patents  covering the design and  manufacture of flash memory  products,  giving
both  companies  worldwide  rights to use those  patents.  Specific terms of the
agreement  are  confidential  but SanDisk will receive a license fee and royalty
payments from Sharp.

         __________________________  (Sharp  to  supply  the name and title of a
Sharp executive and provide a quote.)



         Eli  Harari,  SanDisk  CEO and  president,  said,  "This is a long term
agreement that acknowledges the significant  flash memory  contributions of both
Sharp and SanDisk.  It will allow both  companies to continue  developing  their
respective flash technologies and to compete freely in the rapidly growing flash
marketplace.  It is also our hope  that  this  agreement  will open the door for
future mutual flash memory business cooperation between Sharp and SanDisk."

         ____________________________  (Sharp to  provide  paragraph  describing
Sharp.)

         SanDisk     Corporation     designs,     manufactures    and    markets
industry-standard,  solid-state  data,  image and audio storage  products  using
proprietary,  high density flash memory and controller  technology.  SanDisk has
strategic  alliances with Seagate Technology,  Matsushita  Electronic Corp., NEC
Corp. and LG Semicon.  Seagate holds a 25 percent  equity stake in SanDisk.  The
company is based in Sunnyvale, CA.

                                      -15-




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                               1996             1995           1994
                                                      -------------- ---------------- --------------
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>             <C>
Primary:
Net income ........................................         $14,485         $  9,065        $(4,287)
Computations of weighted average common
     and common equivalent shares outstanding:
     Weighted average common
        shares outstanding ........................          22,162            7,360          2,800
     Common equivalent shares from stock
        options and convertible preferred
        stock granted or issued during the
        twelve-month period prior to the
        Company's initial public offering .........               -            1,056          1,408
     Common stock options .........................           2,044            1,398              -
     Convertible preferred stock ..................               -              169              -
                                                      -------------- ---------------- --------------
Shares used in computing net income
     per share ....................................          24,206            9,983          4,208
                                                      ============== ================ ==============

Net income per share applicable
     to common stockholders .......................         $  0.60         $   0.91        $ (1.02)
                                                      ============== ================ ==============

Fully Diluted:
Net income ........................................         $14,485         $  9,065
Computation of weighted average common
     and common equivalent shares outstanding:
     Weighted average common
        shares outstanding ........................          22,162            7,360
     Common equivalent shares from stock
        options and convertible preferred
        stock granted or issued during the
        twelve-month period prior to the
        Company's initial public offering .........               -            1,056
     Common stock options .........................           2,044            1,318
     Convertible preferred stock ..................               -           11,122
                                                      -------------- ----------------
Shares used in computing net income
     per share ....................................          24,206           20,856
                                                      ============== ================

Net income per share ..............................         $  0.60         $   0.43

                                                      ============== ================

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT TO SHARE HOLDERS
<TEXT>

FRONT COVER

                           SanDisk 1996 Annual Report


              Advanced digital storage for data, audio and images


(with photographs of SanDisk's  CompactFlash and FlashDisk  products and various
devices they are used in.)

<PAGE>
INSIDE FRONT COVER

                               Corporate Profile

SanDisk  Corporation  designs,   manufactures  and  markets   industry-standard,
solid-state  data,  image and audio  storage  products  using  proprietary  high
density flash memory and  controller  technologies.  The Company's  products are
designed for a broad range of applications  in the four markets  targeted by the
Company:  industrial,  communications,  highly  portable  computing and consumer
electronics.  The Company's products include removable FlashDisk cards, embedded
FlashDrives and Chipsets, and removable CompactFlash products.

(bar graphs w/ the following data)

                             1994       1995        1996
                                  (in thousands)
Revenues                  $35,378    $62,839     $97,599

Working Capital           $20,971    $68,002     $77,029

Operating Income (Loss)   ($4,781)    $7,777     $12,474

Net Income (Loss)         ($4,287)    $9,065     $14,485

<PAGE>



To Our Stockholders:

Fiscal 1996 was a very good year for  SanDisk.  The Company  recorded its second
consecutive  profitable  year in fiscal  1996 with net  income of $14.5  million
based on revenues of $97.6  million.  This  represented  an increase of 55% over
revenues of $62.8  million in the previous  year.  Product  revenues grew 45% in
fiscal 1996. Year over year unit shipments  increased 126% and exceeded  500,000
units.  Average selling prices declined 36%. Net income increased by 60%, due in
large part to increased patent licenses and royalties. SanDisk ended 1996 with a
superb balance sheet with $74.3 million in cash and short term  investments  and
zero debt.

The Company made  significant  investments for the future during fiscal 1996. In
July,  SanDisk moved its corporate  headquarters  from Santa Clara to Sunnyvale,
California,  nearly  doubling the square  footage of its  facilities  to 104,000
square feet. This move allowed SanDisk to substantially expand its manufacturing
facility   and  to  move   some   production   work   in-house   from   off-site
sub-contractors.  We installed two surface mount technology lines and structured
our  manufacturing  flow to allow  us to  respond  rapidly  to  fluctuations  in
customer  demand.  The transition  from products  based on 16Mbit  technology to
products based on 32Mbit flash  technology  was also completed  during 1996. Our
outstanding  work force grew during the year.  Ninety five new employees  joined
SanDisk, bringing total headcount to 345.

We officially  opened the SanDisk Design Center in Israel.  Development  work on
new Flash storage products aimed primarily at the mobile  communications  market
is taking place there.  The first phase of this development is 50% funded by the
BIRD Foundation, a bilateral U.S. / Israel non-profit agency.

SanDisk  recognized the challenge of  establishing  CompactFlash as the de facto
global  standard  for small form  factor  digital  storage  cards in the face of
competing products. Throughout the year, SanDisk worked with many of the leading
camera  and  imaging  companies  to  facilitate  the  use of our  FlashDisk  and
CompactFlash  products in next generation digital cameras as a removable storage
medium. Digital cameras which use CompactFlash to store digital images have been
announced by Kodak, Canon, Panasonic, NEC, Konica and Samsung. More than a dozen
other digital cameras  employing  CompactFlash  are expected to be introduced in
1997.  We are pleased  with  SanDisk's  leadership  positioning  in the emerging
digital film market.

The CompactFlash Association,  initially established in 1995, saw its membership
grow from twelve founding  companies to 61 by year-end.  SanDisk's  CompactFlash
has been designed into more than seventy new products including digital cameras,
handheld PC's, audio recorders,  network  computers,  medical monitors and other
industrial  products.  These products are targeted for emerging  markets and the
timing for the introduction of these products is still uncertain.  Market growth
should begin once the industry  infrastructure is in place,  consumer  awareness
becomes more widespread and prices decline relative to where they presently are.
This phase of market growth is expected to begin in 1997 and accelerate in 1998.

At the November `96 Comdex show,  SanDisk  demonstrated  working  samples of its
Double  Density  Flash  cards and the world's  first  300Mbyte  FlashDisk  cards
employing  SanDisk's new 64Mbit Double Density Flash memory chip. Double Density
Flash is crucial for achieving the aggressive cost reduction  targets we believe
to be a  prerequisite  for rapid market  expansion  over the next several years.
Several of our competitors are actively  developing  Double Density Flash chips.
SanDisk  believes  its  integrated  system  approach  and  early  start  on  the
development  of Double  Density  Flash give it the market lead.  Double  Density
Flash technology is highly complex. The challenge for SanDisk is to successfully
qualify the 64Mbit  Double  Density  Flash chip and memory card  products in the
first half of 1997 so that volume  sales can  commence in the second half of the
year. We have considerable engineering resources dedicated to accomplishing this
task.

In December `96,  SanDisk  signed a flash patent  cross-license  agreement  with
Sharp  Corporation and received the first payment for the license fee. In future
quarters,  SanDisk  will  receive  royalty  payments  based  on  sales  of Flash
products. Patent licenses and royalties represented 8% of total revenues in 1996


<PAGE>

compared  to  2%  in  the  previous  year.  The  Sharp  agreement  is a  further
affirmation of the value of SanDisk's intellectual property assets.

The product revenue decline in the fourth quarter of 1996 was a  disappointment.
As we have stated for several quarters,  bookings visibility has been declining.
The  current  glut and  rapidly  declining  average  selling  prices  that  have
afflicted the DRAM,  SRAM and Standard Flash  markets,  coupled with slower than
expected growth in demand in our markets,  has resulted in the Company having to
rely on "turns"  business  for the  majority  of its  quarterly  product  sales.
Backlog at the end of 1996 was $5.8 million,  the lowest it has been in the past
two years.

SanDisk's  top  priority  remains  the  relentless  pursuit  of lower cost Flash
products,  which we believe is the key to maintaining our leadership position in
the rapidly developing markets we are addressing.  Our plans for cost reductions
in 1997 fall into five major areas: the technology transition from 0.5 micron to
0.35 micron Flash technology,  the manufacturing transition from six inch wafers
to eight inch wafers, the memory design transition from single density to Double
Density Flash  designs,  the  controller  chip cost  reduction and the continued
automation  of back-end card assembly and test  operations  conducted  in-house.
These  activities  should allow  SanDisk to offer its  customers  products  with
higher capacities at lower costs.

We believe the adverse  conditions  of the fourth  quarter of 1996 will continue
during the first half of 1997 until the new markets  addressed by the  Company's
products enter a more  predictable  growth phase and create increased demand and
longer lead times.  We also expect that increased sales of lower capacity cards,
which have the lowest  gross  margins  will  result in  significant  pressure on
overall  margins  during  1997.  The Company  continues to see a healthy pace of
design-ins  and  quote  activity.  Despite  the near term  market  difficulties,
limited sales  visibility and gross margin  pressures,  we are taking the longer
term view of the very significant market opportunities developing ahead and will
continue to invest heavily in advanced technology,  new products,  manufacturing
excellence,  global sales channels and implementing the requisite infrastructure
to support the anticipated growth in the years ahead. SanDisk continues to enjoy
strong support from Matsushita,  NEC, LG Semicon and Motorola, its manufacturing
partners. The relationship with Seagate, our largest shareholder, is excellent.

We appreciate your support of our strategy as we move forward to 1997.



/s/ Eli Harari

Eli Harari
President and Chief Executive Officer
<PAGE>

INSIDE BACK COVER

                             CORPORATE INFORMATION

  At December 31, 1996, there were 345 people employed at SanDisk Corporation.

                          REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
                Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois

                          INDEPENDENT PUBLIC AUDITORS
                    Ernst & Young LLP, San Jose, California

                        INVESTOR / SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS
                    Cindy Burgdorf, Chief Financial Officer,
               Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration

                     Sharon, Spehar, Shareholder Relations

                                 LEGAL COUNSEL
             Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Palo Alto, California

                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      William V. Campell(2), Intuit, President and Chief Executive Officer

Irwin Federman(1), Chairman of the Board, U.S. Venture Partners, General Partner

     Eli Harari, SanDisk Corporation, President and Chief Executive Officer

                      Catherine P. Lego(1), Lego Ventures

              Dr. James D. Meindl, Georgia Institute of Technology

               Joseph D. Rizzi, Matrix Partners, General Partner

        Alan F. Shugart(2), Seagate Technology, Chief Executive Officer

                              (1) Audit Committee
                           (2) Compensation Committee

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
        Daniel Auclair, Senior Vice President, Operations and Technology

                    Cindy Burgdorf, Chief Financial Officer,
               Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration

             Dr. Eli Harari, President and Chief Executive Officer

               Marianne Jackson, Vice President, Human Resources

            Leon Malmed, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales
<PAGE>
OUTSIDE BACK COVER
                              WORLDWIDE LOCATIONS

                                    SANDISK
                             CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
                               140 Caspian court
                            Sunnyvale, CA 94089-9820
                              Phone: 408-542-0500
                               Fax: 408-542-0503
                             http://www.sandisk.com

                             SANDISK SALES OFFICES

                          Western Region USA + Canada
                               140 Caspian court
                            Sunnyvale, CA 94089-9820
                              Phone: 408-542-0573
                               Fax: 408-542-0403

                          Central Region USA + Canada
                              4900 Blazer Parkway
                                Dublin, OH 43017
                              Phone: 614-760-3700
                               Fax: 614-760-3701

                          Eastern Region USA + Canada
                         620 Herndon Parkway, Suite 200
                               Herndon, VA 22070
                              Phone: 703-481-9828
                               Fax: 703-437-9215

                              Southern Region USA
                         101 Southhall Lane, Suite 400
                               Maitland, FL 32751
                              Phone: 407-667-4880
                               Fax: 407-667-4834

                             European Sales Office
                                  SanDisk GmbH
                               Karlsruher Str. 2C
                           D-30519 Hannover, Germany
                             Phone: 49-511-8759185
                              Fax: 49-511-8759187

                               Japan Sales Office
                              SanDisk K.K., Japan
                             SanDisk, Ltd. (Japan)
                               5F Nisso Bldg. 11
                         2-3-4 Shin-Yokohama, Kohoku-ku
                                  Yokohama 222
                             Phone: 81-45-474-0181
                              Fax: 81-45-474-0371

                        Asia / Pacific Rim Sales Office
                        Flat B, 3/F, Harrison Court (V)
                                 8 Man Wan Road
                             Waterloo Hill, Kowloon
                                   Hong Kong
                              Phone: 852-2712-0501
                               Fax: 852-2712-9385

                                 SanDisk (logo)
        SanDisk and  CompactFlash  are  trademarks of SanDisk  Corporation.  All
         other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
                      Copyright 1997 SanDisk Corporation.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

     

                   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


 
                           1) SanDisk KK

                           2) SanDisk GMBH

                           3) SanDisk Israel

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
     SanDisk Financial Data Schedule, December 31, 1996
</LEGEND>
<CIK>                         0001000180
<NAME>                        SanDisk Corporation
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000
       
<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1996

<PERIOD-END>                                   DEC-31-1996
<CASH>                                         19,323
<SECURITIES>                                   54,965
<RECEIVABLES>                                  11,885
<ALLOWANCES>                                   593
<INVENTORY>                                    9,630
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               97,487
<PP&E>                                         19,632
<DEPRECIATION>                                 9,347
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 108,268
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          20,458
<BONDS>                                        0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       98,233
<OTHER-SE>                                     (10,423)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   108,268
<SALES>                                        89,599
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               97,599
<CGS>                                          58,707
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               26,418
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             3
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                15,625
<INCOME-TAX>                                   1,140
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            14,485
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   14,485
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                  0.60
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.60
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
