-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 K+ao02M36bO1dQBO5DFFSSJSTAB1GK/jZZWi93Vvshbry1VkpgyJJ+HUo36HQaKL
 jTLpplMQvd0jBeIyaDB2qg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001000180-99-000005.txt : 19990405
<SEC-HEADER>0001000180-99-000005.hdr.sgml : 19990405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000180-99-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19990402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
		FILM NUMBER:		99586254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED 1998 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K/A
<TEXT>



                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   Form 10-K/A

     X     Annual  report  pursuant  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
- ---------- Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 or

           Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
- ---------- Act of 1934

Commission File No. 0-26734

                               SANDISK CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Delaware                                     77-0191793
      (State or other jurisdiction of                       (IRS Employer
      incorporation or organization)                      Identification No.)

 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California                        94089
  (Address of principal executive office)                     (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 542-0500

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                 Name of each exchange
              Title of each class                 on which registered
                     None                                  None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                         Common Stock, $0.001 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                              Yes   X     No
                                 -------    -------

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [ X ].

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant,  based upon the closing  sale price of the Common  Stock on March 2,
1998 as  reported  on the  NASDAQ  National  Market  System,  was  approximately
$462,651,732.  Shares of Common  Stock held by each  officer and director and by
each  person  who owns 5% or more of the  outstanding  Common  Stock  have  been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate  status is not  necessarily  a conclusive  determination  for other
purposes.

As  of  March 15,  1999,  Registrant  had  26,819,100  shares  of  Common  Stock
outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy  Statement for the Annual  Meeting to be held on May 12,
1999 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



<PAGE>


                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                          1998 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                Table of Contents

                                     PART I
                                                                  Page No.

Item 1.  Business                                                    1

Item 2.  Properties                                                 21

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                                          22

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders        23

         Executive Officers of the Registrant                       24

                            PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
         Stockholder Matters                                        26

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data                                    27

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
         Condition and Results of Operations                        29

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                37

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
         Accounting and Financial Disclosure                        56

                           PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant         57

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                     57

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
         Management                                                 57

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions             57

                            PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules, and Reports
         on Form 8-K                                                58

         Signatures                                                 61



<PAGE>



                                     PART I


ITEM 1.    BUSINESS


         Certain  statements in this  discussion  of the Company's  business and
elsewhere  in this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for 1998 are  forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth below under "Factors That May Affect Future Results".

         SanDisk  designs,  manufactures  and markets  flash memory data storage
products used in a wide variety of electronic systems. The Company has optimized
its flash memory storage solution, known as "system flash," to address the needs
of   many   emerging    applications    in   the   consumer    electronics   and
industrial/communications  markets.  Since its  inception,  the Company has been
actively  involved  in all aspects of flash  memory  process  development,  chip
design,  controller  development  and  system-level  integration  to ensure  the
creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are compatible
with both  existing  and new system  platforms.  The Company  believes  its core
technical  competencies  are in  high-density  flash memory  process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low-cost
system test. The Company's products include removable CompactFlash(TM) products,
FlashDisk cards and MultiMediaCard  products, and embedded FlashDrives and Flash
ChipSet products.  SanDisk has applied its technology to the markets for digital
cameras and other consumer  electronics  devices such as smart phones,  personal
digital  assistants  ("PDA")  and MP3  portable  music  players.  The  Company's
customers  in 1998  included  Arrow  Electronics,  Inc.  ("Arrow"),  Canon  Inc.
("Canon"),  COMPUSA,  Inc. ("COMPUSA"),  Eastman Kodak Company ("Kodak"),  Epson
Hanbai Co., Ltd. ("Epson Hanbai"),  Hewlett-Packard Company ("Hewlett-Packard"),
IBM Corporation ("IBM"), Kyocera America, Inc. ("Kyocera"),  Matsushita Electric
Industrial  Co.,  Ltd.  ("MEI"),   Mitsubishi  Plastic  Co.  Ltd.   ("Mitsubishi
Plastic"),  NEC USA Inc.  ("NEC  USA"),  Norand  Corporation  ("Norand"),  Psion
Computers  PLC  ("Psion"),  Staples  Inc.  ("Staples")  and  Telxon  Corporation
("Telxon").  The Company  currently  has patent  cross-license  agreements  with
Hitachi Ltd.  ("Hitachi"),  Intel  Corporation  ("Intel"),  Samsung  Electronics
Company Ltd.  ("Samsung"),  Sharp  Electronics  Corporation  ("Sharp"),  Silicon
Storage Technology, Inc. ("SST") and Toshiba Corporation ("Toshiba").
Industry Background

         The traditional data storage market encompasses several types of memory
and storage  devices  designed  primarily  for specific  components  of computer
systems.  Dynamic  random access memory  ("DRAM")  provides main system  memory;
static random access memory ("SRAM") provides specialized and high speed memory;
hard disk drives  provide high  capacity  data  storage;  and floppy disk drives
permit low capacity removable data storage.  In recent years,  digital computing
and processing have expanded beyond the boundaries of desktop  computer  systems
to include a broader  array of  electronic  systems.  These new devices  include
digital cameras, personal digital assistants, highly portable computers, digital
audio  recorders,  wireless  base  stations,  network  computers,  communication
switches,  cellular  telephones,  mobile  communication  systems,  handheld data
collection  terminals,  medical  monitors,  pay telephones and other  electronic
systems. These emerging applications have storage requirements that are not well
addressed by traditional  storage solutions.  These  requirements  include small
form factor size, high reliability,  low power consumption and the capability to
withstand   high  levels  of  shock  and  vibration   and  extreme   temperature
fluctuations.  Because storage products based on flash semiconductor  technology
meet  those  requirements,  these  devices  and  systems  represent  new  market
opportunities for flash storage systems.

         In the late 1980s, a new memory technology,  known as flash memory, was
developed as an extension of ultraviolet erasable programmable  read-only memory
("EPROM").  Flash  memory is  non-volatile,  unlike DRAM and SRAM,  requiring no
power to retain data and is  electrically  reprogrammable,  unlike EPROM.  Flash
memory has the  potential  to  satisfy  the  requirements  for a variety of data
storage  applications  although the most common types of flash  memory,  "socket
flash" and "linear flash," are not well suited for many purposes.

                                       1
<PAGE>


         Socket flash is being used as a replacement  for EPROMs in applications
such as embedded firmware or microcode storage in computer systems. Typical chip
densities  for socket  flash  range from 1Mbit to 32Mbit.  Socket  flash is well
suited for read often/write  infrequently  applications,  as the erase times are
relatively slow (typically one second per block or sector). In addition,  socket
flash has not been optimized for defect  management.  With frequent  erase/write
operations,  bits in flash storage media deteriorate over time. As a result, the
longevity  and  durability  of  socket  flash  chips  in  frequent   erase/write
applications is limited.  Also,  socket flash chips,  because they are optimized
for fast read access rather than low cost, are relatively large and expensive.

         More recently, technology known as linear flash has been developed that
permits socket flash chips to be used in data storage  applications with the use
of separate  flash file system  software.  While  linear  flash cards  provide a
low-cost mass storage solution, they provide limited built-in intelligence,  and
rely instead on the host  microprocessor and specialized  software to manage the
socket flash chips as a mass data storage device. This limits the portability of
linear flash cards  between  different  systems,  as well as their ability to be
upgraded  for use in future  generation  products.  A linear flash card used for
data  storage  in one  system  may not be usable  in other  systems  because  of
potential  incompatibilities  in the host  processors,  as well as the operating
system software used in the two systems. Furthermore,  because of differences in
the socket flash of various suppliers,  linear flash cards from one manufacturer
may not function  properly with flash file system  software  designed for linear
flash cards from other manufacturers.

         Customers in the  consumer  electronics  and  industrial/communications
markets are seeking data storage  solutions  that satisfy  requirements  such as
small form factor, high reliability, low power consumption and the capability to
withstand   high  levels  of  shock  and  vibration   and  extreme   temperature
fluctuations, which are not well addressed by traditional storage solutions such
as hard disk drives and DRAM,  or by linear  flash  cards based on socket  flash
memory chips.


The SanDisk Solution
- --------------------

         The Company has optimized its flash memory  storage  solution  known as
"system  flash,"  to  address  the needs of many  emerging  applications  in the
consumer electronics and industrial/communications markets. Since its inception,
the Company has been  actively  involved in all aspects of flash memory  process
development, chip design, controller development and system-level integration to
ensure the creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are
compatible with both existing and new system platforms. The Company believes its
core technical competencies are in high-density flash memory process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low-cost
system  test.  To  achieve  compatibility  among  various  electronic  platforms
regardless  of the host  processor  or operating  system  used,  the Company has
developed  new  capabilities  in  flash  memory  chip  design,   created  a  new
intelligent  controller and developed an architecture that can leverage advances
in  flash  memory  process  technology  to  ensure a  scaleable,  high-yielding,
cost-effective and highly reliable manufacturing process.

         The Company's products offer the following features:

              Small form factor.  The  Company's  FlashDisk  cards are small and
         lightweight  with a length of 85.6 mm,  width of 54.0 mm,  thickness of
         5.0 mm (PCMCIA Type II) or 10.5 mm (PCMCIA Type III) and weight of less
         than 2.0  ounces.  The  Company's  CompactFlash  products  weigh  about
         one-half ounce and are approximately the size of a matchbook (36.4 mm x
         42.8  mm  x  3.3  mm).  The  Company's   MultiMediaCard   products  are
         approximately  the size of a quarter  coin (32 mm x 24 mm x 1.4 mm) and
         weigh less than two grams.

              Non-volatility. SanDisk products store information in non-volatile
         memory cells that do not require power to retain information.

              High degree of  ruggedness.  SanDisk's  devices  have an operating
         shock  rating of 2,000 Gs for  CompactFlash  and 1,000 Gs for all other
         products (equivalent to being able to withstand ten foot and eight

                                       2
<PAGE>


         foot drops onto concrete,  respectively).  The Company's  products
         are also designed to tolerate extreme temperatures and humidity.

              Low power  consumption.  During read/write  operations,  SanDisk's
         products  use less power than the 1.8 inch and 2.5 inch  rotating  disk
         drives  found in many  portable  computers.  At all other times  during
         system  operation,  the Company's  products require virtually no power.
         Depending upon the end product  making use of the Company's  flash data
         storage, this can translate into longer battery life.

              High reliability.  SanDisk's products utilize  sophisticated error
         detection  and  correction  algorithms  and dynamic  defect  management
         techniques to provide high data reliability and endurance.

              High  performance.  The Company  believes that the access times of
         the Company's  products meet or exceed the read and write data rates of
         the majority of consumer and industrial/communication applications.

         The flash  process  and flash  memory  chip  designs  developed  by the
Company in cooperation with its development partners make the Company's products
scaleable over several generations of semiconductor  fabrication processes. This
feature has allowed the Company to significantly reduce its cost per megabyte of
capacity as each new process  generation is qualified.  By maintaining  the same
basic design  parameters,  each generation of the Company's  products  maintains
full compatibility  with prior  generations.  This chip architecture has allowed
the Company to  significantly  reduce cell size and thereby chip size.  This has
permitted increased storage capacity in PC Card, CompactFlash and MultiMediaCard
platforms.  The Company's  proprietary flash process requires some modifications
to the typical CMOS semiconductor fabrication process, but can be implemented on
existing  advanced  fabrication  lines without the need for special materials or
equipment.  The Company has  successfully  implemented  its  processes at United
Silicon,  Inc. ("USIC") and United Silicon Corporation ("USC"),  subsidiaries of
United  Microelectronics  Corporation  ("UMC")  and  at  Matsushita  Electronics
Corporation ("Matsushita").

         The  Company  also  has  developed   core   competencies   in  low-cost
micropackaging  technology as well as low-cost batch testing,  both of which are
important elements in building high capacity,  high reliability flash cards at a
competitive cost.


SanDisk's Business Strategy
- ---------------------------

The Company is pursuing the following strategies:

         Enable New Products in Large and Emerging Markets;  Develop and Promote
Industry  Standards.  The Company  develops  products that it believes will have
applications in large, emerging markets such as the markets for digital cameras,
PDAs, smart phones and MP3 portable music players. The Company believes that the
widespread  acceptance  of  universal  industry  standards  is  important to the
development  of the market for flash  data  storage.  The  Company  designs  its
products  to  be  compatible  with  existing   industry   standards  and,  where
appropriate,  develops and promotes  new  standards.  The Company was one of the
founding  members of PCMCIA,  where it has worked to establish  the ATA standard
interface  which is globally  supported  by all PCMCIA  card slots.  The Company
developed  the  CompactFlash  format and was one of the founding  members of the
CompactFlash Association ("CFA"), an organization established in October 1995 to
promote  CompactFlash  as a small form factor flash data storage  standard.  The
Company  believes  that this format is becoming the de facto  industry  standard
storage  platform for digital  cameras,  where it is used instead of traditional
film.  The  Company's  CompactFlash,  FlashDisk,  FlashDrive  and Flash  ChipSet
products are  compatible  with IDE and ATA standard  interfaces  used in all IBM
compatible  PCs and are  compatible  with  Windows 95,  Windows 98,  Windows NT,
Windows   CE,   Macintosh   System  8.0  and  other   operating   systems.   The
interoperability afforded by adherence to these industry standards enables users
of flash data storage  cards to transfer data quickly and easily from one device
to another,  such as from a digital camera to a desktop computer system equipped
with a PCMCIA or CompactFlash slot.

         In November  1997,  the Company  along with Siemens AG  introduced  the
MultiMediaCard  format which was designed to meet the requirements of the mobile
communications industry for a small form factor storage card

                                       3
<PAGE>


with a simple high  performance  serial  interface.  The Company is committed to
making  MultiMediaCard  a  broadly  supported  industry  standard.  The  Company
believes  that  working  with  industry  groups  to  develop   widely-adhered-to
standards  will  lead to the  acceptance  of the  Company's  products  in  large
markets. The Company is a founding member of the MultiMediaCard Association.

         Maintain  Technology  Leadership.  The Company believes that it was the
first to develop and  introduce  removable  flash data storage cards and that it
has led  the  industry  with  several  technological  innovations.  The  Company
believes  that its  technological  expertise in flash memory  design and process
engineering,   intelligent   controllers  and   system-level   integration,   in
conjunction  with  its  relationships   with  its  semiconductor   manufacturing
partners,  provides  it with a  competitive  advantage.  The Company is actively
developing  advanced  flash data storage  technologies  designed to enable it to
continue to meet evolving  customer  requirements  for flash data storage system
products.  The Company has developed  double  density  ("D2") flash,  which is a
technological innovation that allows each flash memory cell to store two bits of
information instead of the traditional single bit per cell, effectively doubling
the amount of storage capacity on approximately  the same size chip. The Company
plans to use this technology to achieve a significant  reduction in the cost per
megabyte of flash data storage.

         Reduce Cost Per Megabyte of Flash Data Storage.  The Company is focused
on  reducing  the cost per  megabyte of its  products  in order to increase  the
number of applications  for these products and to enhance the Company's  ability
to address new  markets.  The Company has  designed  its  patented  flash memory
technology  and  integrated  intelligent  controller  to increase  the amount of
usable flash storage per wafer. The Company works closely with its manufacturing
partners to increase the amount of storage  capacity per wafer by utilizing very
small flash memory cells, to realize high yields through the built-in ability to
utilize  partial  die  and to  facilitate  the  migration  to  smaller  geometry
manufacturing processes through several generations of flash technology.

         Leverage  Intellectual  Property.  The Company has  cross-licensed  its
flash technology, including its patent portfolio, to selected third parties. The
Company  believes  that  permitting  other  flash  memory  providers  to use its
technology will facilitate the development of its target markets, will provide a
second  source  of  supply  of  CompactFlash,  which  is  required  by many  OEM
customers,  and can serve as a  significant  source of license  fees and royalty
revenues  for the  Company.  To  date,  the  Company  has  entered  into  patent
cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,  Intel, Samsung, Sharp, SST and Toshiba,
and intends to pursue opportunities to enter into additional licenses.


Applications and Markets for Flash Data Storage
- -----------------------------------------------

         The Company is targeting the consumer  electronics  and the  industrial
communications markets for its flash data storage products.

         The Company's  products are used in consumer  electronics  applications
such as digital  cameras,  PDAs,  highly portable  computers,  audio  recorders,
portable   MP3   music   players,   video   and   electronic   games,   and   in
industrial/communications  applications  such as POS terminals,  transportation,
medical  instrumentation,  automation,  telecommunications  switches,  PHS  base
stations,  cellular base stations and routers.  The Company's  customers in 1998
included Arrow,  Canon,  CompUSA,  Kodak,  Epson Hanbai,  Hewlett-Packard,  IBM,
Kyocera, MEI, Mitsubishi Plastic, NEC USA, Norand, Psion, Staples and Telxon.

         Consumer  Electronics.  The increasing trend towards the use of digital
technology in consumer electronics devices has created requirements for new data
storage  products.  For example,  a number of major camera and imaging companies
have  introduced   digital  cameras  that  the  Company   believes  will  enable
professionals and consumers to eliminate the need for standard 35mm photographic
film by  replacing it with  re-usable  compact  digital  data  storage  devices.
Removable  and  embedded  flash  data  storage  products  such as the  Company's
CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and  Flash  ChipSet  products,  are used in PDAs,
highly portable computers, digital audio recorders, network computers,  cellular
telephones,  two-way pagers,  next-generation  smart  telephones,  digital audio
samplers and other devices. These data storage devices need to have a very small
form factor, must be lightweight, shock and vibration tolerant, non-volatile and
interoperable with computer systems and software that can process and manipulate
data, audio and digital images.

                                       4
<PAGE>



         Industrial/Communications   Market.   Emerging   applications   in  the
industrial  market  encompass  a wide  variety  of  electronic  systems  used by
personnel such as inventory  controllers,  service technicians,  route salesmen,
delivery crews, meter readers,  car-rental service employees,  physicians,  real
estate agents,  insurance agents and public safety officers. The systems used by
these  workers  are often  subjected  to rough  handling,  used in a variety  of
temperature and humidity conditions and required to operate for extended periods
of time  without  external  power  sources  or  frequent  battery  changes.  The
information  collected  by  these  individuals  is  critical  to the  successful
operation  of their  business  or  agency  and  hence  must be  stored  reliably
regardless  of the  operating  environment.  In  addition,  the  information  is
frequently  processed by a central  computer system at some point (typically the
end of the work day or night) and must therefore be easily transferable.

         The  communications  market  has  applications  that are  beginning  to
require new types of data  storage.  For  example,  communications  switches and
cellular  base  stations  require  data storage in  environments  such as subway
stations or outdoor telephone booths that are subject to shock and vibration and
a wide range of temperature and humidity conditions.


         In the fiscal years ended  December 31,  1998,  1997 and 1996,  product
sales to the Company's top 10 customers  accounted for  approximately  59%, 67%,
and 71%, respectively,  of the Company's product revenues. In 1998, one customer
accounted for 10% of the Company's total  revenues.  In 1997, no single customer
accounted  for greater than 10% of total  revenues.  During  1996,  one customer
accounted for  approximately  26% of the Company's total  revenues.  The Company
expects  that  sales of its  products  to a  limited  number of  customers  will
continue  to  account  for  a  substantial  portion  of  its  revenues  for  the
foreseeable future. The Company has also experienced  significant changes in the
composition  of its  major  customer  base from  year to year and  expects  this
pattern to continue as certain customers increase or decrease their purchases of
the  Company's  products as a result of  fluctuations  in market demand for such
customers'  products.  Sales  to the  Company's  customers  are  generally  made
pursuant to standard purchase orders rather than long-term  contracts.  The loss
of, or  significant  reduction in purchases by the  Company's  major  customers,
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations. See "Factors That May Affect Future Results
- - Sales to a Small Number of Customers  Represent a  Significant  Portion of Our
Revenues."


Products
- --------

         SanDisk's storage products are high capacity, solid-state, non-volatile
flash  memory  devices  which  comply  with  PC Card  ATA  and/or  IDE  industry
standards. The Company offers a broad line of flash data storage system products
in terms of capacities,  form factors, operating voltage and temperature ranges.
The Company's current product families include removable CompactFlash, FlashDisk
and MultiMediaCard  products,  embedded  FlashDrive products and Flash ChipSets.
All products use the  Company's  proprietary  512 byte sector erase flash memory
chips and intelligent controller. The Company's products are compatible with the
majority  of today's  computing  and  communications  systems  that are based on
industry standards.  The Company's products, as of December 31, 1998, are listed
in the following table:

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                          <C>
- --------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
Product Family  Form Factor                  Uncompressed Capacity (in million bytes)
CompactFlash    36.4 mm x 42.8 mm x 3.3 mm   4, 8, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 48, 64, 80, 96
(Removable)
FlashDisk       PC Card Type II              4, 8, 10, 20, 40, 60, 85, 110, 150, 220, 280
(Removable)                                  350, 440
Flash ChipSet   2 chips                      4, 8, 16, 32
(Embedded)
FlashDrive      1.8 inches, 2.5 inches       20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 220, 350, 440
(Embedded)      3.5 inches
MultiMediaCard  32 mm x 24 mm x 1.4 mm       4, 8, 16
(Removable)
- --------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       5
<PAGE>



         Unlike   rotating  disk  drives,   the  Company's  flash  products  are
solid-state  devices.  The Company's  products are very  reliable.  They have no
moving parts that are subject to mechanical failure.  The Company's products are
non-volatile,  meaning that no on-going source of power is required in order for
the products to retain data, images or audio  indefinitely.  Flash is noiseless,
considerably lighter,  more rugged and consumes  substantially less power than a
rotating  disk  drive.  The  Company's  CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and Flash
ChipSet,  are  small  enough  to be  used in  many  of the  newer,  miniaturized
electronic systems being developed today.

         CompactFlash.  The Company's CompactFlash products provide full PC Card
ATA  functionality  but are only  one-fourth  the size of a standard  Type II PC
card. CompactFlash's compact size, ruggedness and low-power requirements and its
ability  to  operate  at either  3.3V or 5V make it  well-suited  for a range of
current and  next-generation,  small form factor consumer  applications  such as
digital  cameras,  PDAs,  personal  communicators,  pagers and audio  recorders.
CompactFlash  products provide  interoperability  with systems based upon the PC
Card ATA  standard by using a low-cost  passive  Type II  adapter.  CompactFlash
cards are available in capacities ranging from 4MB to 96MB.

         FlashDisk.  The Company's FlashDisk products are used in storage,  data
backup and data transport applications. FlashDisk products are available in Type
II form factor with capacities ranging from 4MB to 440MB.

         Flash  ChipSet.  The  Flash  ChipSet  product  provides  a  very  small
footprint,  solid-state  ATA mass  storage  system.  The Flash  ChipSet  product
consists  of a  single  chip  ATA  controller  and a flash  memory  chip  and is
available in 4MB, 8MB, 16MB and 32MB  capacities.  It provides full PC Card, ATA
and IDE disk drive compatibility in a chip set format.

         FlashDrive.  The Company's  FlashDrives  in 1.8 inch,  2.5 inch and 3.5
inch form  factors are  targeted at  applications  that  require  embedded  data
storage devices.  FlashDrives offer rugged, portable, low-power data storage and
are "plug and play"  replacements  for rotating IDE drives making them ideal for
mobile computers,  communication devices and other systems that require embedded
storage.  Capacities of the Company's FlashDrive products range between 20MB and
440MB.

         MultiMediaCard.   In  November  1997,  the  Company  introduced  a  new
removable storage card product family,  the  MultiMediaCard.  The MultiMediaCard
measures  32  millimeters  ("mm")  by 24 mm by 1.4 mm and  weighs  less than two
grams.  MultiMediaCard  is targeted  at the  emerging  markets for mobile  smart
phones, advanced pagers,  consumer multimedia devices,  digital audio recorders,
portable MP3 music players and other  products that need  removable data storage
in a small form factor.  MultiMediaCard  is available in storage  capacities  of
4MB, 8MB and 16MB. The Company began shipping its MultiMediaCard  product in the
second half of 1998. There can be no assurance that  MultiMediaCard will receive
substantial market acceptance.  Any failure by SanDisk's customers to accept the
Company's  MultiMediaCard  products could cause a material adverse effect on the
Company's business,  financial condition and results of operations. See "Factors
That May Affect Future  Results - Our Business  Depends on Emerging  Markets and
New Products."


Technology
- ----------

         Since  its  inception,   the  Company  has  focused  its  research  and
development  efforts on  developing  highly  reliable and  cost-effective  flash
memory storage products to address a number of emerging markets. The Company has
been  actively  involved in all  aspects of this  development,  including  flash
memory process development, chip design, controller development and system-level
integration,  to ensure the creation of fully-integrated,  broadly interoperable
products  that are  compatible  with  both  older  and  newly  developed  system
platforms.  The Company  believes its core  technical  competencies  are in high
density  flash  memory  process  and  design,  controller  design,  system-level
integration, compact packaging and low-cost system test.

         To achieve  compatibility among various electronic platforms regardless
of the host  processors  or operating  systems used,  the Company  developed new
capabilities in flash memory chip design,  created a new intelligent  controller
and developed an architecture that could leverage advances in process technology
to ensure a scaleable,

                                       6
<PAGE>


high-yielding,  cost-effective and highly reliable  manufacturing  process.  The
Company  believes that these  technical  competencies  and the Company's  system
design  approach have enabled it to introduce  flash data storage  products that
are better  suited for its  targeted  market  than  linear  flash cards based on
socket flash chips.

         The   Company    designs   its   products   to   be   compatible   with
industry-standard  IDE and ATA  interfaces  used in all IBM  compatible  PCs. To
achieve  this  design,  the  Company  uses a 512 byte  memory  sector  size that
required a departure  from the typical  socket flash chip design.  By decreasing
the sector size to be the same as the sector size of all 3.5 inch,  2.5 inch and
1.8 inch hard disk drives,  the Company was able to achieve  compatibility  with
DOS and Windows.

         The  Company's  patented   intelligent   controller  coupled  with  the
intelligent controller's advanced defect management system permits the Company's
products  to achieve a high level of  reliability  and  longevity.  This  defect
management system,  which currently resides on a single  proprietary  controller
chip, is able to detect bit "wearout," a common problem with flash memory,  both
immediately  following  manufacture  and late in the  product's  life.  Late bit
failure can occur  several years into the life of a product and can be difficult
to detect with traditional  flash  technology.  The Company's defect  management
system automatically  detects bits that have failed or are likely to fail due to
the number of erase/write cycles such bits have undergone and switches memory to
spare  good bits  incorporated  into the  design.  The  system  also  allows the
automatic  substitution  of entire  sectors or major  blocks of the memory chip.
Additionally,  the controller generates an error correcting code which is stored
simultaneously  with the data and is used to detect and  correct any errors when
the data is read.  This  design  permits  the  Company's  products  to  maintain
error-free operation for hundreds of thousands of erase/write cycles and reduces
manufacturing costs by allowing the Company to incorporate partial die with less
than 100% of the physical  bits on each chip into the  products  without loss of
functionality.

         The flash  process  and flash  memory  chip  designs  developed  by the
Company in cooperation with its development partners make the Company's products
scaleable over several generations of semiconductor  fabrication processes. This
feature has allowed the Company to significantly reduce its cost per megabyte of
capacity as each new process  generation is qualified.  By maintaining  the same
basic design  parameters,  each generation of the Company's  products  maintains
full  compatibility  with  prior  generations.  This  chip  architecture,  which
incorporates  three polysilicon layers and one metal layer, as well as a virtual
ground  array and a split gate  transistor  cell,  has  allowed  the  Company to
significantly  reduce  cell  size and  thereby  chip  size.  This has  permitted
increased  storage  capacity in all of the  Company's  products.  The  Company's
patented  flash  process  requires  some   modifications  to  the  typical  CMOS
semiconductor  fabrication  process, but can be implemented on existing advanced
fabrication lines without the need for special materials or equipment.

         D2 is a technological innovation which allows each flash memory cell to
store two bits of  information  instead of the  traditional  single bit per cell
employed by standard binary flash technology.  The D2 flash technology is highly
complex,  and the write speed of D2 flash products is typically  slower than the
Company's current binary flash products.  In addition, D2 flash involves several
techniques never proven in a high volume production environment.  The Company is
currently  ramping down  production of its 80Mbit D2 designs in preparation  for
the next  generation  256Mbit D2 design,  which is expected to have write speeds
matching  the write  speed of the  Company's  binary  products.  There can be no
assurance  that the  write  speed  of D2 flash  will be  accepted  by  SanDisk's
customers.  Any failure by SanDisk's  customers to accept the Company's D2 flash
products,  or any failure to successfully  establish volume production of the D2
flash product,  could cause a material adverse affect on the Company's business,
financial  condition  and results of  operations.  See "Factors  That May Affect
Future Results - Our Business Depends on Emerging Markets and New Products."

         The  Company  also  has  developed   core   competencies   in  low-cost
micropackaging  technology as well as low-cost batch testing,  both of which are
important  elements in building  high capacity  flash cards to high  reliability
standards at a competitive cost.


                                       7
<PAGE>


Strategic Manufacturing Relationships
- -------------------------------------

         An important  element of the  Company's  strategy has been to establish
strategic  relationships with leading technology  companies that can provide the
Company with access to leading  edge  semiconductor  manufacturing  capacity and
participate in the development of certain products.  This enables the Company to
concentrate its resources on the product design and development  areas where the
Company  believes it has competitive  advantages and eliminates the high cost of
owning and operating a semiconductor wafer fabrication facility. The Company has
developed strategic relationships with USIC and USC, semiconductor manufacturing
facilities founded by UMC in Taiwan, and with Matsushita in Japan.

         All  of  the  Company's  products  require  silicon  wafers  which  are
currently supplied by USIC, USC and Matsushita. Most of the Company's wafers are
currently manufactured using 0.4 and 0.35 micron process technology. The Company
has been informed by its  manufacturing  partners that they are  experiencing  a
significant  increase in demand for wafers from other customers,  which, if this
continues,  may create capacity  shortages,  longer  lead-times and higher wafer
prices.  Any delays in wafer  availability or uncompetitive  wafer pricing would
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.

         The  Company  invested  $51.2  million  in USIC,  which  represents  an
ownership  interest of  approximately  10% in the venture,  and  guarantees  the
Company access to approximately  12.5% of the facility's  wafer output.  USIC is
expected to have a total wafer  capacity of between  20,000 to 25,000 wafers per
month by the end of 1999.

         Under the general terms of the Company's  wafer supply  agreements with
its foundry  partners,  the Company is  obligated  to provide a monthly  rolling
forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.  Except in limited  circumstances  and
subject to  acceptance  by the  foundries,  the  estimates  for a portion of the
forecast,  generally  three  months,  constitute  a binding  commitment  and the
estimates for the  remaining  months may not increase or decrease by more than a
certain  percentage from the previous months forecast.  These requirements limit
the Company's ability to react to any significant fluctuations in demand for its
products.  The Company is dependent upon its foundry  partners to deliver wafers
and to maintain acceptable yields and quality.

         The Company believes that shipments of wafers from its foundry partners
will be sufficient to meet the Company's anticipated requirements for wafers for
the foreseeable  future.  The Company's  ability to increase its revenue and net
income in future  periods is dependent on receiving an  uninterrupted  supply of
wafers from its manufacturing partners.

         The Company's  reliance on  third-party  wafer  manufacturers  involves
several material risks, including shortages of manufacturing  capacity,  reduced
control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, production yields and costs.
In  addition,  as  a  result  of  the  Company's  dependence  on  foreign  wafer
manufacturers,  the  Company  is  subject  to the risks of  conducting  business
internationally,  including  exchange rate  fluctuations.  See "Factors That May
Affect Future Results - We Depend on Third Party Foundries for Silicon Wafers."

         The Company has also developed  strategic  manufacturing  relationships
with  Motorola  and  NEC,  who  supply  the  microcontroller  for the  Company's
products.  The small form factor of this single chip  integrated  controller  is
necessary to produce the Company's  CompactFlash  products, as well as its Flash
ChipSet  products.  To reduce its  reliance  on  Motorola  as its sole source of
microcontrollers,   the   Company  has   developed  a  strategic   manufacturing
relationship   with  NEC  as  an  alternate  source  of  controller  chips.  Any
interruption  of supply of the Company's  controller  chips from Motorola or NEC
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations. See "Factors That May Affect Future Results
- - We Depend on Our Suppliers and Third Party Subcontractors."

         The Company is continuing to identify and establish  second sources for
its key single and sole source  component  vendors and  subcontractors  as sales
volumes  increase,  although  there can be no  assurance  these  efforts will be
successful.  During the next several  quarters,  if the demand for the Company's
products  exceeds  its  suppliers   ability  to  deliver  needed  components  or
subassemblies, the Company may be unable to meet customer demand.

                                       8
<PAGE>


Assembly and Test
- -----------------

         The Company tests wafers at its  headquarters in Sunnyvale,  California
and at the UMC facility in Taiwan.  Substantially  all of the tested  wafers are
then  shipped to the  Company's  third  party  memory  assembly  subcontractors:
Silicon  Precision  Industries Co., Ltd. ("SPIL") in Taiwan and Mitsui in Japan.
Testing of assembled memory devices is performed at the Company  headquarters in
Sunnyvale, California and at SPIL in Taiwan. The assembly and test processes are
monitored by  statistical  process  control and quality  audits by the Company's
personnel.

         The Company performs final assembly,  testing and  configuration of its
products at its  headquarters  in  Sunnyvale,  California.  The Company has made
substantial capital investments and has established in-house surface mount lines
for  the  assembly  of  the  printed   circuit  boards  used  in  the  Company's
CompactFlash and FlashDisk products.  In the second quarter of 1999, the Company
expects to commence  final  assembly  and test  operations  for a portion of its
CompactFlash products at a subcontractor in China. The subcontract  relationship
will provide additional final assembly and test capacity. During the second half
of 1998,  the  Company  established  in  house  manufacturing  capacity  for the
production of the  MultiMediaCard  products.  In the second quarter of 1999, the
Company  expects to begin assembly and test  operations  for its  MultiMediaCard
production at a subcontractor in Taiwan. The Company currently  anticipates that
it will continue to make substantial  capital investments to further enhance its
assembly  capabilities.  See "Factors That May Affect Future Results - We Depend
on Third Party Foundries for Silicon Wafers."

         The Company's  customers  have demanding  requirements  for quality and
reliability.   To  maximize  quality  and  reliability,   the  Company  monitors
electrical   and  inspection   data  from  its  wafer   foundries  and  assembly
subcontractors.  The Company  monitors  wafer foundry  production for consistent
overall  quality,  reliability  and yield levels.  Most of the  Company's  major
component suppliers and subcontractors have ISO 9001 or 9002 certification.

Seagate Relationship
- --------------------

         In January  1993,  Seagate  acquired a 25%  ownership  interest  in the
Company.  Seagate has the right to nominate one director to the Company's  Board
of Directors.  Thomas F.  Mulvaney,  Seagate's  Senior Vice  President,  General
Counsel and  Secretary,  serves as Seagate's  nominee to the Company's  Board of
Directors.  The  Shareholder  Rights Plan,  adopted by the Board of Directors on
April 21, 1997,  permits  Seagate to continue to hold its ownership  interest in
the Company without triggering the provisions of the plan. At December 31, 1998,
Seagate had an ownership interest of approximately 23% in the Company.

Research and Development
- ------------------------

         The  Company  believes  that its  future  success  will  depend  on the
continued development and introduction of new generations of flash memory chips,
controllers  and  products  designed  specifically  for the flash  data  storage
market.  To date, the Company has developed and put into  production  flash data
storage  products  utilizing  semiconductor  devices with the  following  memory
capacity and  geometries:  4Mbit (0.9 micron),  8Mbit (0.8 micron),  16Mbit (0.5
micron),  32Mbit (0.5,  0.4 and 0.35 micron),  64Mbit (0.35  micron),  64Mbit D2
flash (0.5 micron) and 80Mbit D2 flash (0.35 micron).  In addition,  the Company
has developed  several  generations of controllers for these flash memory chips.
Currently,  a majority of the  Company's  products  utilize  the 64Mbit  device.
Because  of the  complexity  of  its  products,  the  Company  has  periodically
experienced  significant delays in the development and volume production ramp up
of its products. There can be no assurance that similar delays will not occur in
the future.

         The  Company,  along with its current  foundry  partners  (in  separate
design efforts),  is developing a new process to manufacture 128Mbit and 256Mbit
D2 flash chips  employing  0.28 micron and 0.24 micron  geometries.  The Company
expects to begin  customer  shipments of 128Mbit flash  products by mid 1999 and
256Mbit by the end of 1999. To date, the Company has not successfully  completed
the  qualification  of such a process  and there  can be no  assurance  that the
Company will be able to  successfully  commence  volume  production  with such a
process  at  these  foundries  in  the  future.  The  Company  has  periodically
experienced delays in the development of new

                                       9
<PAGE>


processes at its foundry partners and such delays may occur again in the future.
The  Company's  foundry  partners  may also  experience  delays in  establishing
development  capabilities for new processes and these delays may have a material
adverse  effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.  See  "Factors  That May  Affect  Future  Results  - We Face Risk in
Transitioning to New Processes and Products."

         Research and  development  expenses were $18.2 million,  $13.6 million,
and $10.2 million for the fiscal years ended  December 31, 1998,  1997 and 1996,
respectively.  As of December 31, 1998,  the Company had 92 full-time  employees
engaged in  research  and  development  activities,  including  11 in its Israel
design center.  The Company expects to increase its 1999 spending on process and
design  research and  development  to accelerate  future  transitions  into 0.28
micron, 0.24 micron, and 0.18 micron geometries.


Sales and Distribution
- ----------------------

         The Company  markets its products  using a direct  sales  organization,
distributors and manufacturers' representatives. The Company also sells products
to various customers on a private label basis and under the SanDisk brand in the
retail channel. The Company's sales efforts are organized as follows:

         Direct  Sales  Force.  The  Company's  direct sales force is located in
Maitland,   Florida;  Herndon,   Virginia;  Dublin,  Ohio;  Irvine,  California;
Sunnyvale, California; Branford, Connecticut;  Hannover, Germany; Paris, France;
Amsterdam,  the  Netherlands;  Hong Kong;  and Yokohama and Osaka,  Japan.  This
organization  supports  major OEM customers and the Company's  distribution  and
manufacturers' representative partners.

         Distributors.  In the United  States,  the Company's  products are sold
through Arrow  Electronics Inc., Avnet Inc. and Bell  MicroProducts  Inc. to OEM
customers  for a wide  variety of  industrial  applications.  In  addition,  the
Company  has  distributors  in various  regions of the world  including  Europe,
Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan, Korea and Hong Kong.

         Independent  Manufacturers'  Representatives.  In  the  United  States,
Canada and Europe,  the  Company's  direct sales force is supported in its sales
efforts by more than 30  independent  firms.  These  domestic and  international
firms receive a commission for providing  support to the Company's  direct sales
force and distributors in the industrial distribution,  OEM and retail channels.
The manufacturers'  representative companies sell the Company's products as well
as products from other manufacturers.

         OEMs. The Company provides private label products to OEMs in the United
States and the Pacific Rim.

         Retail.  The Company entered the retail channel in 1997 and is shipping
SanDisk  brand name  product  directly to retail  superstores,  office clubs and
selected retail distributors.  SanDisk products are available in more than 7,000
stores worldwide.  Eleven independent  manufacturers'  representative  firms are
supporting the Company's sales efforts in the retail channel.


Customer Service and Technical Support
- --------------------------------------

         The Company provides customers with  comprehensive  product service and
support.   The  Company  provides  technical  support  through  its  application
engineering  group  located in the United  States and Japan.  The Company  works
closely with its customers to monitor the performance of its product designs, to
provide  application  design  support and  assistance  and to gain  insight into
customer's  needs  to  help  in the  definition  of  subsequent  generations  of
products.

         The Company's  support package is generally  offered with product sales
and includes technical  documentation and application design assistance.  During
an OEM's production phase, the Company provides failure analysis and replacement
of defective  components.  In some cases, the Company offers additional  support
which includes  training,  system-level  design,  implementation and integration
support. The Company believes that tailoring

                                       10
<PAGE>


the technical support level to its customers' needs is essential for the success
of product  introductions and to achieve a high level of satisfaction  among its
customers.

         The Company generally provides a one-year warranty on its products.


Patents and Licenses
- --------------------

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  trademarks,  copyright
and trade secret laws,  confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to
protect its intellectual  property rights. The Company  vigorously  protects and
defends its  intellectual  property  rights.  In the past,  the Company has been
involved in significant disputes regarding its intellectual  property rights and
believes it may be involved in similar disputes in the future.

         In 1988, the Company  developed the concept of emulation of a hard disk
drive with flash  solid-state  memory.  The first related  patents were filed in
1988 by Dr. Eli Harari and  exclusively  licensed  to the  Company.  The Company
currently owns or has exclusive rights to seventy two United States and fourteen
foreign issued patents,  and over forty seven patent applications pending in the
United States, as well as twenty pending in foreign patent offices.  The Company
intends  to seek  additional  international  and  United  States  patents on its
technology.  The Company  believes  some of its patents are  fundamental  to the
implementation of flash data storage systems,  as well as the  implementation of
D2 flash,  independent of the flash  technology used.  However,  there can be no
assurance  that any patents  held by the Company will not be  invalidated,  that
patents will be issued for any of the Company's pending applications or that any
claims allowed from existing or pending  patents will be of sufficient  scope or
strength or be issued in the primary countries where the Company's  products can
be sold to provide  meaningful  protection  or any  commercial  advantage to the
Company.  Additionally,  competitors of the Company may be able to design around
the Company's patents.

         The semiconductor  industry is characterized by vigorous protection and
pursuit of  intellectual  property  rights or  positions,  which has resulted in
significant  and often  protracted  and  expensive  litigation.  To preserve its
intellectual  property  rights,  the  Company  believes it may be  necessary  to
initiate litigation against one or more third parties, including but not limited
to those the Company has already  notified of possible patent  infringement.  In
addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit against the Company.  For
example,  in March 1998,  the Company filed a complaint in federal court against
Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar") for infringement of a fundamental  flashdisk patent.
Lexar has disputed the Company's claim of patent infringement, claimed SanDisk's
patent is invalid or unenforceable and asserted various counterclaims  including
unfair  competition,  violation of the Lanham Act,  patent misuse,  interference
with prospective  economic  advantage,  trade defamation and fraud.  SanDisk has
denied each of Lexar's  counterclaims.  In July 1998, the federal district court
denied  Lexar's  request to have the case  dismissed  on the grounds the Company
failed to perform an adequate  prefiling  investigation.  Discovery in the Lexar
suit  commenced  in August  1998.  The claims  construction  phase  commenced in
February 1999. The Company intends to vigorously enforce its patents,  but there
can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. See "Factors That May
Affect Future Results - Risks  Associated with Patents,  Proprietary  Rights and
Related Litigation."

          In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation,  the Company
could be required to pay substantial  damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and
sale  of  infringing   products,   expend   significant   resources  to  develop
non-infringing  technology,  discontinue the use of certain  processes or obtain
licenses to the infringing technology. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or
as a defendant,  would likely result in  significant  expense to the Company and
divert the efforts of the Company's technical and management personnel,  whether
or not such  litigation  is ultimately  determined  in favor of the Company.  In
addition, the results of any litigation matter are inherently uncertain.

         In the event the Company desires to incorporate  third party technology
into its  products or is found to infringe  on others'  patents or  intellectual
property  rights,  the  Company  may be  required  to  license  such  patents or
intellectual  property rights.  The Company may also need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. The Company currently has patent cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,
Intel, Samsung,  Sharp, SST and Toshiba. From time to time, the Company has also
entered into discussions

                                       11
<PAGE>


with  other  companies  regarding  potential  cross-license  agreements  for the
Company's  patents.  However,  there can be no assurance  that  licenses will be
offered or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be  acceptable  to the
Company.  If the Company obtains licenses from third parties, it may be required
to pay  license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which  could  have a material
adverse effect on the Company's  gross margins.  The failure to obtain a license
from a third party for technology used by the Company could cause the Company to
incur substantial  liabilities and to suspend the manufacture of products or the
use by the  Company's  foundries of processes  requiring the  technology,  or to
expend  substantial   resources   redesigning  its  products  to  eliminate  the
infringement.  There can be no assurance that the Company would be successful in
redesigning  its  products  or that  such  licenses  would  be  available  under
reasonable  terms.  Furthermore,  any such  development or license  negotiations
could  require  substantial  expenditures  of time and  other  resources  by the
Company.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity  varies,  but may in some instances include  indemnification  for
damages and expenses,  including  attorneys'  fees. The Company may from time to
time be engaged in litigation as a result of such indemnification obligations.

         In its efforts to maintain the  confidentiality  and ownership of trade
secrets and other confidential  information,  the Company requires all employees
(regular and  temporary),  consultants,  foundry  partners,  certain  customers,
suppliers  and  partners to execute  confidentiality  and  invention  assignment
agreements upon  commencement  of a relationship  with the Company and extending
for a period of time beyond  termination  of the  relationship.  There can be no
assurance  that these  agreements  will provide  meaningful  protection  for the
Company's  trade  secrets  or other  confidential  information  in the  event of
unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. See "Factors That May Affect
Future Results - Our Operating Results May Fluctuate Significatly."


Backlog
- -------

         The Company manufactures and markets primarily standard products. Sales
are generally made pursuant to standard purchase orders. The Company includes in
its backlog only those customer orders for which it has accepted purchase orders
and assigned  shipment  dates within the upcoming  twelve  months.  Since orders
constituting  the Company's  current  backlog are subject to changes in delivery
schedules,  backlog is not  necessarily  an  indication  of future  revenue.  In
addition,  there can be no assurance that the current  backlog will  necessarily
lead to revenues in any future  period.  As of December 31, 1998,  the Company's
total backlog was $13.4 million  compared to $18.6 million at December 31, 1997.
Bookings visibility  continues to be limited with more than 50% of the Company's
quarterly product revenues coming from turns business. The Company believes that
the current  situation  will  continue  until the new markets  addressed  by the
Company's  products enter a more  predictable  growth phase and demand begins to
create  longer  lead  times.  See  "Factors  That May  Affect  Future  Results -
Fluctuations in Operating Results."


Competition
- -----------

         The flash  data  storage  markets  in which the  Company  competes  are
characterized  by intense  competition,  rapid  technological  change,  evolving
industry  standards,  rapidly declining average selling prices and rapid product
obsolescence.   The  Company's  competitors  include  many  large  domestic  and
international  companies  that  have  greater  access  to  wafer  fab  capacity,
substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing  and other  resources,
broader product lines and longer standing  relationships with customers than the
Company.  The Company's primary competitors include flash chip producers such as
Advanced Micro Devices,  Inc.  ("AMD"),  Atmel Corporation  ("Atmel"),  Hitachi,
Intel, Micron Technology,  Inc. ("Micron"),  Mitsubishi  Electronic  Corporation
("Mitsubishi"),  Samsung,  Sharp and Toshiba, other companies using data storage
techniques such as socket flash,  linear flash and system flash  components,  as
well as package  assemblers such as Kingston  Technology  Company  ("Kingston"),
Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar"),  M-Systems,  Inc. ("M-Systems"),  Simple Technology
Inc.  ("Simple"),  SMART Modular  Technologies,  Inc.  ("SMART  Modular"),  Sony
Corporation  ("Sony"),   TDK  Corporation  ("TDK"),   Matsushita  Battery,  Inc.
("Matsushita  Battery")  and Viking  Components,  Inc.  ("Viking")  that combine
controllers

                                       12
<PAGE>


and flash  memory  chips  developed  by others  into flash data  storage  cards.
Approximately  twenty-five  companies  have been  certified by the  CompactFlash
Association to manufacture and sell their own brand of CompactFlash. The Company
believes that other manufacturers,  such as Toshiba and Samsung,  will also seek
to enter the CompactFlash market in the future.

         Competing products promoting industry standards that are different from
SanDisk's have been  introduced,  including  Intel's  Miniature Card,  Toshiba's
Smart Media (Solid-State Floppy Disk Card), Sony Corporation's Memory Stick, and
Panasonic's recently introduced Mega Storage cards and M-Systems  Diskonchip(TM)
for  embedded  storage  applications.  In  addition,  in 1997 Sony  introduced a
digital camera that has no flash memory and instead uses a standard  floppy disk
for storing pictures.  A manufacturer of digital cameras that designs-in any one
of these alternative competing standards will eliminate CompactFlash from use in
its product,  as each  competing  standard is  mechanically  and  electronically
incompatible with CompactFlash.  In addition, the Company faces competition from
Intel's  64Mbit  and  Hitachi's  256Mbit  multilevel  cell  flash  devices.  The
Company's  double  density  flash ("D2 flash") and these  multilevel  cell flash
products are competing  technological  innovations  that allow each flash memory
cell to store two bits of  information  instead  of the  traditional  single bit
stored by the industry  standard  binary  flash  technology.  In November  1997,
Iomega  Corporation   ("Iomega")  announced  its  Clik  drive,  a  miniaturized,
mechanical,  removable disk drive that may compete directly with SanDisk's flash
card  products.  In September  1998, IBM announced a type II  CompactFlash  card
containing  its 1"  microdrive.  The IBM product will compete  directly with the
Company's  high  capacity  CompactFlash  products.  In October  1998,  M-Systems
introduced  their  Diskonchip  2000 product which is expected to compete against
our Flash ChipSet products in embedded storage applications.


         The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
competitors  and from other  companies that may enter the Company's  existing or
future  markets with similar or alternative  data storage  solutions that may be
less costly or provide additional features. Due to the high price sensitivity in
the  market  for  consumer  products,  aggressive  price  competition  has  been
experienced for these applications.  Such competition could result in lost sales
and lower gross margins in the future,  if the Company's  average selling prices
decrease faster than its costs.

         The Company  has entered  into  patent  cross-license  agreements  with
Hitachi,  Intel, Samsung,  Sharp, SST and Toshiba,  pursuant to which each party
may manufacture and sell products that  incorporate  technology  covered by each
party's  patents related to flash memory  devices.  As the Company  continues to
license its patents to certain of its competitors, competition will increase. As
a result of the above factors,  the Company expects to face  substantially  more
competition in the future than it has to date. Increased  competition could have
a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results  of  operations.  The  Company  believes  that its  ability  to  compete
successfully  depends on a number of factors,  which  include price and quality,
product performance and availability, success in developing new applications for
system flash technology,  adequate foundry  capacity,  efficiency of production,
timing  of new  product  announcements  or  introductions  by the  Company,  its
customers  and its  competitors,  the ability of the  Company's  competitors  to
incorporate their flash data storage systems into their customers' products, the
number and nature of the Company's  competitors  in a given  market,  successful
protection  of  intellectual  property  rights and general  market and  economic
conditions. The Company believes that it competes favorably with other companies
with respect to these  factors.  There can be no assurance that the Company will
be able to compete  successfully  against current and future competitors or that
competitive  pressures faced by the Company will not materially adversely affect
its business,  financial  condition or results of operations.  See "Factors That
May Affect Future Results - Our Markets are Highly Competitive."


Employees
- ---------

         As of  December  31,  1998,  the  Company  had 477  regular,  full-time
employees and 66 temporary employees,  including 92 in research and development,
74 in  sales  and  marketing,  50 in  finance  and  administration  and  327  in
operations.  The  Company's  success  is  dependent  on  its  retention  of  key
technical,  sales and  marketing  employees  and  members of senior  management.
Additionally,  the Company's success is contingent on its ability to attract and
recruit skilled  employees in a very competitive  market.  None of the Company's
employees are

                                       13
<PAGE>


represented  by a  collective  bargaining  agreement  and the  Company has never
experienced any work stoppage.  The Company believes that its employee relations
are good.



Factors That May Affect Future Results
- --------------------------------------

         Our business,  financial  condition and results of operations  could be
impacted by a number of factors including the risk factors listed below.

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY

         Our   quarterly   and  annual   operating   results   have   fluctuated
significantly  in the past and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in
the future. This fluctuation is a result of a variety of factors,  including the
following:

- - Unpredictable demand for our products
- - Decline in our average selling prices due to competitive pricing pressures
- - Seasonality in sales of products for consumer electronics applications
- - Changes in product and customer mix
- - Market acceptance of new or enhanced versions of our products
- - Changes in our distribution channels
- - Timing of license and royalty revenue recognition
- - Fluctuations in product costs, particularly due to fluctuations in 
  manufacturing yields and utilization
- - Availability of foundry capacity
- - Variations in manufacturing cycle times
- - Increased research and development expenses
- - Exchange rate fluctuations
- - Changes in general economic conditions, in particular the economic recession 
  in Japan

         When we order silicon  wafers from our  foundries,  we have to estimate
the number of silicon  wafers needed to fill product  orders several months into
the future. If we overestimate  this number,  we build excess  inventories which
affects our gross  margins and  operating  results.  For example,  in the second
quarter of 1998,  our  product  gross  margins  declined  to 12% from 30% in the
previous  quarter due in part to a write down of inventory to reflect  inventory
at net realizable value.  Because our largest volume product,  CompactFlash,  is
sold into an  emerging  consumer  market,  it is very  difficult  to  accurately
forecast future sales. If sales fall below our forecast,  our operating  results
could be adversely  affected if we are unable to reduce our operating  expenses.
More than 50% of our quarterly  sales are from orders  received and fulfilled in
the  same  quarter.  In  addition,  our  product  order  backlog  may  fluctuate
substantially from quarter to quarter.

         Due to  anticipated  growth,  we increased our expense  levels in 1998,
including  expenses  associated with the expansion of our in-house  assembly and
test  operations.  Operating  expenses are expected to continue to increase as a
result of the need to hire  additional  personnel to support  expected growth in
sales unit volumes,  marketing  and sales  efforts and research and  development
activities. These expenses cannot be readily scaled back over the short term. If
revenue does not increase  proportionately to operating expenses, or if revenues
decrease or do not meet  expectations  for a particular  period,  our  business,
financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.

         Product mix varies quarterly, which affects our overall average selling
prices and gross margins. Our CompactFlash  products,  which currently represent
the marjority portion of our product revenues, have lower average selling prices
and gross margins than our higher capacity FlashDisk and FlashDrive products. We
believe that sales of CompactFlash  products may become an even more significant
percentage  of our product  revenues as consumer  applications,  such as digital
cameras,  become more popular.  Dependence on CompactFlash sales,  together with
lower  pricing  caused by  competition,  has caused  average  selling  prices to
decline substantially over

                                       14
<PAGE>


the past year.  This trend is  expected  to  continue.  Average  selling  prices
decreased by 28% in 1998 compared to 1997.

         One  of  our  strategies  is to  cross-license  our  patents  to  other
manufacturers of flash products.  Under such arrangements,  we earn license fees
and  royalties  on  individually   negotiated   terms.  The  timing  of  revenue
recognition  from  these  payments  is  dependent  on  either  the terms of each
contract or on the timing of product shipments by the third parties. This causes
license and royalty revenue to fluctuate significantly. Because this revenue has
higher  gross  margins  than  product  revenue,  gross  margins  and net  income
fluctuate more with changes in license and royalty  revenue than with changes in
product revenue.

OUR BUSINESS DEPENDS UPON CONSUMER PRODUCTS

         In 1998,  we received  more  product  revenue and shipped more units of
products destined for consumer  electronics  applications,  principally  digital
cameras,  than for any other  applications.  We believe that these products will
encounter  intense  competition  and be more price  sensitive than products sold
into our other target markets. In addition,  we must spend more on marketing and
promotion  in  consumer   markets  to  establish  brand  name   recognition  and
preference.

         A significant portion of sales to the consumer  electronics market will
be made through  distributors  and to retailers.  Sales  through these  channels
typically include rights to return unsold inventory. As a result, revenue is not
recognized  until after the product has been sold to the end user. If our retail
customers are not successful in this market,  there could be substantial product
returns,  which may cause harm to our business,  financial condition and results
of operations.

OUR BUSINESS DEPENDS ON EMERGING MARKETS AND NEW PRODUCTS

          In order for demand for our  products  to grow,  the  markets  for new
products that use CompactFlash and the MultiMediaCard,  such as smart phones and
MP3 portable music players, must develop and grow. If sales of these products do
not grow, our product revenues and profit margins could level off or decline. To
remain  competitive,  we intend to develop new products  with  increased  memory
capacity at a lower cost per megabyte.  The success of this new product strategy
will depend upon, among other things, the following:

- - Our ability to successfully develop new products with higher memory capacities
  at a lower cost per megabyte;

- - The development of new  applications or markets for our flash data storage 
  products;

- - The extent to which prospective customers design our products into their
  products and successfully introduce their products;

- - The extent to which our products or technologies become obsolete or
  noncompetitive due to products or technologies developed by others.

         If our new  applications  or target markets fail to develop,  or if our
products are not accepted by the market, our business,  financial  condition and
results of operations could suffer.

THERE IS SEASONALITY IN OUR BUSINESS

         The  sales of our  products,  in  particular  the sale of  CompactFlash
Products,  in the  consumer  electronics  applications  market  are  subject  to
seasonality.  As a result,  product  sales are  impacted by seasonal  purchasing
patterns  with  higher  sales in the second half of each year as compared to the
first half of each such year. In addition, we historically experience a decrease
in orders in the first quarter from Japanese OEM customers  primarily due to the
fact that most  customers in Japan  operate on a fiscal year ending in March and
prefer to delay  purchases  until the  beginning of their next fiscal year.  For
example,  our product  revenues were 24% lower in the first quarter of 1998 than
in the fourth  quarter of 1997,  mostly due to these  seasonal  factors  and the
Asian economic crisis.


                                       15
<PAGE>


OUR MARKETS ARE HIGHLY COMPETITIVE

         We compete in an industry  characterized by intense competition,  rapid
technological  changes,  evolving industry standards,  declining average selling
prices  and rapid  product  obsolescence.  Our  competitors  include  many large
domestic  and  international  companies  that have  greater  access  to  foundry
capacity,  substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing  and  other
resources,   broader  product  lines  and  longer  standing  relationships  with
customers. Our primary competitors include flash chip producers such as Advanced
Micro Devices, Inc., Atmel Corporation,  Hitachi Ltd., Intel Corporation, Micron
Technology, Inc., Mitsubishi Electronic Corporation, Samsung Electronics Company
Ltd., Sharp Electronics  Corporation and Toshiba Corporation.  Other competitors
include  companies using data storage  techniques  such as socket flash,  linear
flash and system flash components, as well as package or card assemblers such as
Lexar Media,  Inc.,  M-Systems,  Inc.,  Simple  Technology  Inc.,  SMART Modular
Technologies,   Inc.,  Sony  Corporation,   Kingston  Technology  Company,   TDK
Corporation, Matsushita Battery, Inc. and Viking Components, Inc., which combine
controllers and flash memory chips developed by others into flash storage cards.
Approximately 25 companies have been certified by the  CompactFlash  Association
to manufacture and sell their own brand of  CompactFlash.  We believe that other
manufacturers will enter the CompactFlash market in the future.

         In  addition,  competing  products  have been  introduced  that promote
industry standards that are different from our CompactFlash  product,  including
Intel's Miniature Card,  Toshiba's Smart Media  (Solid-State  Floppy Disk Card),
Sony Corporation's  Memory Stick,  Panasonic's  recently introduced Mega Storage
cards and M-Systems'  Diskonchip(TM)  for embedded  storage  applications.  Each
competing  standard  is  mechanically  and   electronically   incompatible  with
CompactFlash.  If a manufacturer of digital cameras or other consumer electronic
devices designs-in one of these alternative  competing  standards,  CompactFlash
will be eliminated from use in that product.

         We also face  competition  from products based on multilevel cell flash
technology  such as Intel's 64Mbit flash chip and Hitachi's  256Mbit flash chip.
These products compete with our D2 multilevel cell flash technology.  Multilevel
cell flash is a  technological  innovation that allows each flash memory cell to
store two bits of information  instead of the  traditional  single bit stored by
the industry  standard flash technology.  In November 1997,  Iomega  Corporation
announced its Clik drive, a miniaturized,  mechanical, removable disk drive, and
claims that it will compete directly with our flash card products.  In September
1998,  IBM  introduced  the  microdrive,  a  rotating  disk  drive  in a type II
CompactFlash format. Initially, this product will compete directly with our type
II CompactFlash  memory cards, when we introduce these products in 1999, for use
in high end professional  digital cameras. In October 1998, M-Systems introduced
their  Diskonchip  2000 product  which is expected to compete  against our Flash
ChipSet products in embedded storage applications.

         According to  independent  industry  analysts,  Sony's  Mavica  digital
camera  captured  approximately  40% of the United  States  market  for  digital
cameras in the first and second  quarters  of 1998.  The Mavica  uses a standard
floppy disk to store digital images and therefore uses no  CompactFlash  (or any
other  flash)  cards.  Our  sales  prospects  for  CompactFlash  cards  will  be
significantly  reduced if other  manufacturers  adopt the  Mavica  format and it
becomes the new  "defacto  standard."  Also,  our  MultiMediaCard  products  are
expected to face stiff  competition  from Toshiba's  SmartMedia  flash cards and
Sony's flash Memory Stick.  Although the Memory Stick is proprietary to Sony, if
it is adopted  and  achieves  widespread  use in future  products,  sales of our
MultiMediaCard and CompactFlash products may decline.

         Furthermore,  we expect to face competition from existing companies and
from other  companies  that may enter the  existing or future  markets that have
similar  or  alternative  data  storage  solutions  which may be less  costly or
provide  additional  features.  Price is an important  competitive factor in the
market for consumer  products.  Increased  price  competition  could lower gross
margins if our average  selling prices decrease faster than costs and could also
result in lost sales.

         We have  entered into patent  cross-license  agreements  with  Hitachi,
Intel, Samsung,  Sharp, SST and Toshiba. Under these agreements,  each party may
manufacture and sell products that incorporate  technology  covered by the other
party's patents  related to flash memory devices.  As we continue to license our
patents to certain

                                       16
<PAGE>


competitors,  competition  will  increase  and may cause  harm to our  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

         Other competitive factors include:

- - Product performance and availability
- - Adequate foundry capacity
- - Efficiency of production
- - Our timing of new product announcements or introductions
- - Successful protection of intellectual property rights
- - General market and economic conditions

OUR AVERAGE SALES PRICES HAVE DECLINED

         In 1998,  the  average  selling  prices of our  products  declined  28%
compared  to 1997.  Because  flash data  storage  markets are  characterized  by
intense  competition,  we expect that pricing  pressures from our customers will
increase.  This will likely result in a further  decline in average sales prices
for our products.  We believe that we can offset declining  average sales prices
by achieving  manufacturing  cost  reductions  and  developing new products that
incorporate  advanced  features and can be sold at higher average gross margins.
However,  if we are  unable to  achieve  such cost  reductions  or remain  price
competitive,  this could result in lost sales, declining gross margins, and as a
result,  our  business,  financial  condition  and results of  operations  could
suffer.

         From  time  to  time  the  semiconductor  industry  has  experienced  a
significant down turn and is currently beginning to recover from one of its most
severe down cycles. During most of 1998, the semiconductor  industry experienced
significant production over capacity.  This "buyers market" put margin pressures
on all flash memory  suppliers.  We believe  product  gross  margins will remain
under pressure in the first half of 1999 until the more favorable cost structure
of our 128Mbit flash chip design  begins to have a favorable  impact on the cost
per megabyte of our products.

WE FACE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

         Our sales are  primarily  denominated  in United States  dollars.  As a
result, if the value of the US dollar increases relative to foreign  currencies,
our  products  could  become less  competitive  in  international  markets.  For
example,  our  products  are  relatively  more  expensive in Asia because of the
recent  economic  conditions  in Asia and the weakness of many Asian  currencies
relative to the US dollar.  This has resulted in a decrease in our sales in that
region.  In 1998,  sales to Japan  declined to 31.6% of total product sales from
38.1% in 1997.  This resulted  primarily from the Japanese  economic  crisis and
market recession.  If the current market conditions in Japan do not improve,  or
if they decline further, our results of operations may suffer.

         Currently,  all of our wafers are produced by foundries located outside
the United  States and the majority  are  purchased  in United  States  dollars.
Because we currently invoice certain customers in Japanese Yen,  fluctuations in
currencies could adversely affect our business,  financial condition and results
of operations.  Our international  business  activities could also be limited or
disrupted by any of the following:

- - The need to comply with foreign government regulation;

- - General geopolitical risks, such as political and economic instability, 
  potential hostilities and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;

- - Imposition   of   regulatory   requirements,   tariffs,   import  and  export
  restrictions,  and other barriers and restrictions;

- - Longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts receivable 
  collection;  

- - Potentially adverse tax consequences; 

- - Less protection of our intellectual property rights.


                                       17
<PAGE>


         In 1999, we will begin using  third-party  subcontractors  in China for
the assembly and testing of our components.  As a result,  our business could be
harmed by the effect of political,  economic,  legal and other  uncertainties in
China.  Under its current  leadership,  the Chinese government has been pursuing
economic  reform  policies,  including  the  encouragement  of foreign trade and
investment and greater economic decentralization. The Chinese government may not
continue to pursue such policies  and,  even if it continued,  such policies may
not be successful.  The Chinese government may significantly  alter the policies
from time to time. In addition,  China does not currently  have a  comprehensive
and highly developed system of laws, particularly with respect to the protection
of intellectual property rights. As a result, enforcement of existing and future
laws and contracts is uncertain,  and the  implementation  and interpretation of
such laws may be inconsistent.



SALES TO A SMALL NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS REPRESENT A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR 
REVENUES

         Most  of our  revenue  comes  from a small  number  of  customers.  For
example,  sales to the  Company's top 10 customers  accounted for  approximately
59%, 67%, and 71%,  respectively,  of the Company's  product  revenues for 1998,
1997,  and 1996.  If we were to lose any of these  customers or  experience  any
reductions in orders from these  customers,  our revenues and operating  results
would suffer.  Our sales are generally made by standard  purchase  orders rather
than long-term  contracts.  In addition,  the  composition of our major customer
base changes from year to year as the market demand for our customers'  products
change.

WE DEPEND ON THIRD PARTY FOUNDRIES FOR SILICON WAFERS

         All of our products require silicon wafers.  We rely on USC and USIC in
Taiwan and Matsushita Electronic  Corporation in Japan for supplying our silicon
wafers.  We depend on our  foundries to (1) allocate a portion of their  foundry
capacity to our needs,  (2) produce  acceptable  quality wafers with  acceptable
manufacturing  yields  and  (3)  deliver  our  wafers  on a  timely  basis  at a
competitive  price.  If our foundries are unable to satisfy these  requirements,
our business, financial condition and operating results may suffer.

         Under the wafer supply agreements with our foundries,  we are obligated
to provide  monthly  rolling  forecasts  for our  anticipated  wafer  purchases.
Generally, the estimates for the first three months of each forecast are binding
commitments.  The estimates  for the  remaining  months may only be changed by a
certain  percentage from the previous month's forecast.  This limits our ability
to react to  fluctuations  in demand for our products and could cause us to have
excess inventory.  In addition,  if we are unable to obtain scheduled quantities
of wafers with  acceptable  price and yields  from any  foundry,  our  business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

WE DEPEND ON OUR SUPPLIERS AND THIRD PARTY SUBCONTRACTORS

         We rely on our vendors,  some of which are sole source  suppliers,  for
several of our critical  components.  We do not have long-term supply agreements
with any of these  vendors.  Our  business,  financial  condition  and operating
results could be harmed by delays or reductions in shipments if we are unable to
develop  alternative  sources  or  to  obtain  sufficient  quantities  of  these
components.  For example,  we rely on Motorola,  Inc. and NEC to supply  certain
designs of critical microcontrollers.

         We also rely on third-party  subcontractors to assemble,  and sometimes
test the memory components for our products. We have no long-term contracts with
these  subcontractors  and cannot directly control product  delivery  schedules.
This could lead to product shortages or quality  assurance  problems which could
increase the manufacturing costs of our products and have adverse effects on our
operating results.

WE FACE RISK IN TRANSITIONING TO NEW PROCESSES AND PRODUCTS

         Successive  generations  of  our  products  incorporate   semiconductor
devices with greater memory  capacity per chip. We are  continually  involved in
joint development efforts with our foundries to produce semiconductor

                                       18
<PAGE>


devices  based upon smaller  geometry  manufacturing  processes.  Two  important
factors  that  enable us to  decrease  the costs per  megabyte of our flash data
storage  products are the development of higher capacity  semiconductor  devices
and the implementation of smaller geometry manufacturing  processes. A number of
challenges  exist in achieving a lower cost per  megabyte,  including  (1) lower
yields  are often  associated  with the early  production  of new  semiconductor
devices,  (2)  problems  with design and  manufacturing  of  products  that will
incorporate  these devices and (3) production  delays.  Because our products are
complex,  we periodically  experience  significant delays in the development and
volume  production  ramp up of our products.  Similar  delays could occur in the
future  and  could  harm  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of
operations.

         We have  developed  new products  based on D2 flash  technology,  a new
flash  architecture  designed to store two bits in each flash  memory  cell.  We
introduced  our  80Mbit  D2  flash  chip in  November  1997 and  began  customer
shipments  in the third  quarter  of 1998.  We expect  production  volumes to be
limited,  however,  because  of  more  advanced  256Mbit  flash  memory  designs
currently  planned for production by the end of 1999. These new advanced designs
are expected to have faster  write  speeds than the 80Mbit D2 flash.  We believe
that D2 flash will help us  increase  the  capacity  and  decrease  the costs of
certain products, enabling us to maintain our competitive advantage, broaden our
target markets and attract strategic  partners.  High density flash memory, such
as D2 flash, is a complex technology that requires tight manufacturing  controls
and effective test screens. Problems from the shift to volume production for new
flash products could impact both  reliability and yields and result in increased
manufacturing  costs.  We may not be  able  to  manufacture  reliable  and  cost
effective D2 flash products in commercial  volumes and with yields sufficient to
result in lower  costs per  megabyte.  Furthermore,  D2 flash  technology  needs
significantly  improved write speed so that it can be usefully applied to market
applications  such  as  digital  cameras.  We may not be  able  to  achieve  the
requisite write speed in our future D2 products.

WE MUST ACHIEVE ACCEPTABLE WAFER MANUFACTURING YIELDS

         The  fabrication  of our products  requires  wafers to be produced in a
highly controlled and clean environment. Semiconductor companies that supply our
wafers  sometimes  have   experienced   problems   achieving   acceptable  wafer
manufacturing yields.  Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a function of both
our design technology and the foundry's  manufacturing  process technology.  Low
yields may result from design errors or manufacturing  failures.  Yield problems
may not be  determined  or improved  until an actual  product is made and can be
tested.  As a result,  yield problems may not be identified until the wafers are
well into the  production  process.  The risks  associated  with yields are even
greater because we rely on independent  offshore  foundries for our wafers which
increases  the effort and time  required to  identify,  communicate  and resolve
manufacturing  yield  problems.  We cannot be certain  that our  foundries  will
achieve or maintain  acceptable  manufacturing  yields.  If the foundries cannot
achieve the planned yields, it could negatively  affect our business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PATENTS, PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND RELATED LITIGATION

         We rely on a combination  of patents,  trademarks,  copyright and trade
secret laws,  confidentiality  procedures and licensing  arrangements to protect
our  intellectual  property  rights.  In the  past,  we have  been  involved  in
significant disputes regarding our intellectual  property rights and claims that
we may be infringing third parties' intellectual property rights. We expect that
we will be involved in similar disputes in the future.  We cannot assure you (1)
that any of our patents will not be invalidated, (2) that patents will be issued
for any of our pending  applications,  (3) that any claims allowed from existing
or  pending  patents  will have  sufficient  scope or  strength  or (4) that our
patents will be issued in the primary  countries  where our products are sold in
order to protect our rights and potential commercial advantage. In addition, our
competitors may be able to design around our patents.

         From time to time, it may be necessary to initiate  litigation  against
third parties to preserve our intellectual  property rights. These parties could
in turn bring suit  against us. Such a situation  occurred in March of 1998.  We
filed  a  complaint  in  federal  court  against  Lexar  for  infringement  of a
fundamental  flash disk patent.  Lexar disputed this claim and asserted that our
patent was invalid or unenforceable,  as well as asserting various counterclaims
including  unfair  competition,  violation  of the Lanham  Act,  patent  misuse,
interference with prospective economic advantage, trade defamation and fraud. We
have denied all of these counterclaims. In July 1998, the federal district

                                       19
<PAGE>


court denied Lexar's request to have the case dismissed.  Discovery in this suit
began in August 1998.  Currently the case is in the claims  construction  phase.
See "Item 3. Legal Proceedings."

         We intend to vigorously  enforce our patents but we cannot be sure that
our efforts will be successful. If we were to have an adverse result in any such
litigation,  we  could  be  required  to  pay  substantial  damages,  cease  the
manufacture,  use and sale of infringing products,  expend significant resources
to develop non-infringing  technology,  discontinue the use of certain processes
or obtain  licenses to the  infringing  technology.  Any litigation is likely to
result  in  significant  expense  to us, as well as divert  the  efforts  of our
technical and management personnel.

         If we decide to incorporate third party technology into our products or
if we are  found to  infringe  on  others'  intellectual  property,  we could be
required to license  intellectual  property from a third party. We may also need
to license some of our intellectual  property to others in order to enable us to
obtain  cross-licenses  to  third  party  patents.  Currently,  we  have  patent
cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,  Intel, Samsung,  Sharp, SST and Toshiba
and we are in discussions with other companies regarding potential cross-license
agreements.  We cannot be certain  that  licenses  will be offered  when we need
them, or that the terms  offered will be  acceptable.  If we do obtain  licenses
from third parties,  we may be required to pay license fees or royalty payments.
In  addition,  if we are  unable to obtain a license  that is  necessary  to the
manufacture of our products,  we could be required to suspend the manufacture of
products or stop our foundries from using processes that may infringe the rights
of  third  parties.  We  cannot  assure  you  that we  would  be  successful  in
redesigning our products or that the necessary  licenses will be available under
reasonable terms.

         We have  historically  indemnified  various suppliers and customers for
alleged patent  infringement.  The scope of such indemnity  varies,  but may, in
some  instances,  include  indemnification  for damages and expenses,  including
attorney's fees. We may  periodically  engage in litigation as a result of these
indemnification  obligations.  Our insurance policies exclude coverage for third
party claims for patent  infringement.  Any future  obligation  to indemnify our
customers or suppliers could have a negative  affect on our business,  financial
condition or results of operations.

OUR RAPID GROWTH MAY STRAIN OUR OPERATIONS

         We have experienced  rapid growth,  which has placed,  and continues to
place, a significant strain on our personnel and other resources. To accommodate
this  growth,  we must  continue  to  implement  and  improve  our  operational,
financial and management  information systems, as well as hire, train,  motivate
and  manage  our  employees.  We have  had  difficulty  in the past  hiring  the
necessary  engineering,  sales and marketing personnel to support our growth. In
addition,  we  must  make a  significant  investment  in our  existing  internal
information  management systems to support increased  manufacturing,  as well as
accounting and other management related functions.  Our systems,  procedures and
controls  may not be adequate to support our rapid  growth,  which could in turn
negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

WE DEPEND UPON CERTAIN KEY PERSONNEL

         Our  success  greatly  depends on the  continued  contributions  of our
senior management and other key research and development,  sales,  marketing and
operations personnel, including Dr. Eli Harari, the founder, President and Chief
Executive  Officer.  Our  success  will also  depend on our  ability  to recruit
additional  highly  skilled  personnel.  We  cannot  assure  you that we will be
successful  in hiring or retaining  such key  personnel,  or that any of our key
personnel will remain employed with us.

OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE

         The market price of our stock has  fluctuated in the past and is likely
to fluctuate  in the future.  For  example,  in the twelve  month period  ending
December 31, 1998, our stock price  fluctuated from a low of $5.125 to a high of
$26.25. We believe that such  fluctuations  could continue as a result of future
announcements  concerning us, our competitors or principal  customers  regarding
technological innovations, new product introductions,

                                       20
<PAGE>


governmental  regulations,  litigation  or  changes  in  earnings  estimates  by
analysts.  In  addition,  in  recent  years  the stock  market  has  experienced
significant  price  and  volume  fluctuations  and  the  market  prices  of  the
securities of high  technology  companies have been especially  volatile.  These
fluctuations as well as general  economic,  political and market  conditions may
have an adverse affect on the market price of our Common Stock.

YEAR 2000 ISSUES MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS

         Many  existing  computer  systems  and  applications  may not  function
properly when using dates beyond  December 31, 1999. We have  established a Year
2000 Risk  Management  program to assess the impact that the Year 2000 issue may
have on our business.  Based on our  assessment to date, all of our flash memory
and connectivity  products are Year 2000 compliant.  Other Year 2000 issues that
we face include:

- - Assessment and remediation of the tertiary business information systems

- - Assessment and remediation of the computer systems used for facilities 
  control, machine control and manufacturing testing

- - Year 2000 compliance of our key suppliers and customers

         Our  estimated  total  costs for Year 2000  compliance  issues  are not
expected to have a material adverse affect on our business. However, the failure
of our key suppliers and  customers to take proper  remedial  efforts could harm
our business,  financial condition and results of operations.  See "Management's
Discussion  and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of  Operations-Year
2000 Readiness Disclosure."

WE HAVE ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

         We have  taken a number  of  actions  that  could  have the  effect  of
discouraging  a takeover  attempt.  For example,  we have adopted a  Shareholder
Rights Plan that would cause substantial  dilution to a stockholder who attempts
to acquire us on terms not approved by our Board of Directors.  In addition, our
Certificate of Incorporation  grants the Board of Directors the authority to fix
the rights,  preferences  and privileges of and issue up to 4,000,000  shares of
Preferred  Stock  without  stockholder  action.  Although  we  have  no  present
intention to issue shares of Preferred  Stock,  such an issuance  could have the
effect of making it more  difficult  and less  attractive  for a third  party to
acquire a majority of our  outstanding  voting stock.  Preferred  Stock may also
have other  rights,  including  economic  rights senior to the Common Stock that
could have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Common Stock. In
addition,  we are subject to the anti-takeover  provisions of Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law. This section provides that a corporation shall
not engage in any business  combination with any interested  stockholder  during
the  three-year  period  following  the time that such  stockholder  becomes  an
interested  stockholder.  This  provision  could have the effect of  delaying or
preventing a change of control of SanDisk.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
        ----------

         The Company's  principal  facilities are presently located in a 104,000
square foot building in  Sunnyvale,  California.  Approximately  one half of the
space is dedicated to production  activities.  The  remaining  space is used for
administrative,  marketing and development activities. The Company occupies this
space under a lease  agreement  that expires in July 2001.  The Company has also
entered into a lease  agreement  for an adjacent  50,000  square foot  building,
which is currently  being  prepared  for  occupancy.  The Company  plans to move
certain administrative,  sales and marketing functions into this building in the
second quarter of 1999. The lease on this additional space expires in July 2001.
The Company  believes that its facilities will be adequate to meet its near term
needs and that additional space will be available as required.  The Company also
leases  domestic  sales  offices  in  Herndon,   Virginia;  Irvine,  California;
Branford,  Connecticut;  Dublin, Ohio and Maitland,  Florida, as well as foreign
sales offices in Hannover,  Germany; Paris, France;  Amsterdam, the Netherlands;
Yokohama and Osaka, Japan; Hong Kong and a design center in Tefen, Israel.

                                       21
<PAGE>


ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
        -----------------

         To preserve its intellectual  property rights,  the Company believes it
may be  necessary  to initiate  litigation  against  one or more third  parties,
including but not limited to those the Company has already  notified of possible
patent  infringement.  In addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit
against the Company.

         In March 1998,  the Company  filed a complaint in federal court against
Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar") for infringement of a fundamental  flashdisk patent.
Lexar has disputed the Company's claim of patent infringement, claimed SanDisk's
patent is invalid or unenforceable and asserted various counterclaims  including
unfair  competition,  violation of the Lanham Act,  patent misuse,  interference
with prospective  economic  advantage,  trade defamation and fraud.  SanDisk has
denied each of Lexar's counterclaims.

          In July 1998, the federal  district  court denied  Lexar's  request to
have the case dismissed on the grounds the Company failed to perform an adequate
prefiling  investigation.  Discovery in the Lexar suit commenced in August 1998.
The claims construction phase commenced in February 1999. The Company intends to
vigorously enforce its patents, but there can be no assurance that these efforts
will be successful.

         In the event of an adverse result in any such  litigation,  the Company
could be required to pay substantial  damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and
sale  of  infringing   products,   expend   significant   resources  to  develop
non-infringing  technology or obtain licenses to the infringing  technology,  or
discontinue the use of certain processes. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff
or as a defendant, would likely result in significant expense to the Company and
divert the efforts of the Company's technical and management personnel,  whether
or not such  litigation  is ultimately  determined  in favor of the Company.  In
addition,  the results of any litigation are inherently uncertain.  For example,
in 1995,  the  Company  informed  Samsung  that  the  Company  believed  Samsung
infringed  certain  of its  patents.  In  response,  Samsung  filed a  complaint
accusing the Company of infringing two of its patents.  The Company then filed a
complaint against Samsung with the United States  International Trade Commission
(the "ITC")  alleging  that Samsung and its U.S.  sales arm were  importing  and
selling products that infringed two of the Company's patents. After a hearing on
this matter,  the ITC issued an order that both  SanDisk  patents were valid and
that Samsung had  infringed  such  patents,  and  prohibited  the import,  sale,
marketing,  distribution  or  advertising of Samsung's  infringing  flash memory
circuits in the United States.  In August 1997, the Company and Samsung  entered
into a settlement  agreement resolving all aspects of this dispute,  pursuant to
which the parties agreed to cross-license  certain patents and Samsung agreed to
make license and royalty payments to the Company.  While the Company believes it
achieved a  favorable  result in this  matter,  the  expense  and  diversion  of
management  attention in connection  with its  resolution  was  substantial.  In
addition,  the Company has  notified  several  large  flash  suppliers  that the
Company  believes  certain of their  existing  or  announced  products  infringe
certain of the Company's patents.

         In the event the Company desires to incorporate  third party technology
into its  products or is found to infringe  on others'  patents or  intellectual
property  rights,  the  Company  may be  required  to  license  such  patents or
intellectual  property rights.  The Company may also need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. The Company currently has patent cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,
Intel, Samsung,  Sharp, SST and Toshiba. From time to time, the Company has also
entered into discussions with other companies regarding potential  cross-license
agreements for the Company's  patents.  However,  there can be no assurance that
licenses  will be  offered  or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be
acceptable to the Company.  If the Company obtains  licenses from third parties,
it may be required to pay license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which could
have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  gross margins.  The failure to
obtain a license  from a third party for  technology  used by the Company  could
cause  the  Company  to  incur  substantial   liabilities  and  to  suspend  the
manufacture  of  products or the use by the  Company's  foundries  of  processes
requiring the technology,  or to expend  substantial  resources  redesigning its
products to  eliminate  the  infringement.  There can be no  assurance  that the
Company would be successful  in  redesigning  its products or that such licenses
would be available under reasonable terms. Furthermore,  any such development or
license  negotiations could require  substantial  expenditures of time and other
resources by the Company.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity varies, but may, in some instances,  include

                                       22
<PAGE>


indemnification for damages and expenses, including attorneys' fees. The Company
may  from  time  to  time  be  engaged  in   litigation  as  a  result  of  such
indemnification  obligations.  Third party  claims for patent  infringement  are
excluded from coverage under the Company's insurance  policies.  There can be no
assurance  that any future  obligation to indemnify  the Company's  customers or
suppliers,  will not have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,
financial  condition  and  results of  operations.  See  "Business - Patents and
Licenses."





ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
        ---------------------------------------------------

No  matters  were  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders  during the fourth
quarter of 1998.


                                       23
<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
- ------------------------------------

    The executive  officers of the Company,  who are elected by and serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors, are as follows:

Name               Age              Position

Dr. Eli Harari      53   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Cindy Burgdorf      51   Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, 
                            Finance and Administration and Secretary
Leon Malmed         61   Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales
Daniel Auclair      52   Senior Vice President, Business Development
                            and Intellectual Property
Ralph Hudson        54   Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations
Jocelyn Scarborough 54   Vice President, Human Resources

         Dr.  Harari,  the founder of the Company,  has served as President  and
Chief  Executive  Officer and as a director of the Company since June 1988.  Dr.
Harari founded Wafer Scale Integration,  a privately held semiconductor company,
in 1983 and was its President and Chief Executive Officer from 1983 to 1986, and
Chairman and Chief  Technical  Officer from 1986 to 1988. From 1973 to 1983, Dr.
Harari held various  management  positions with Honeywell Inc., Intel and Hughes
Aircraft  Microelectronics.  Dr.  Harari  holds a Ph.D.  degree  in Solid  State
Sciences from Princeton University.

         Ms.  Burgdorf  joined the  Company  as Chief  Financial  Officer,  Vice
President,  Finance  and  Secretary  in June 1994 and has served as Senior  Vice
President,  Finance and  Administration  since July 1995. From 1992 to 1994, Ms.
Burgdorf was Vice President of Operations  Administration  and Vice President of
Materials  and  Planning  at Maxtor  Corp.  ("Maxtor").  From 1978 to 1992,  Ms.
Burgdorf  held  various  financial   management  positions  including  Corporate
Controller,  Group  Controller  of the  Components  Group  and  director  of the
worldwide  customer  satisfaction  program at Intel. Ms. Burgdorf is a Certified
Public  Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Business  Administration  from San
Jose State University.

         Mr. Malmed joined the Company as Vice  President,  Worldwide  Marketing
and Sales in December  1992 and has served as Senior Vice  President,  Marketing
and Sales since July 1995.  From 1991 to 1992,  Mr.  Malmed was  Executive  Vice
President of  Marketing/Sales  at SyQuest  Technology,  Inc., a manufacturer  of
removable-cartridge  disk drives.  From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Malmed was Senior Vice
President,  Sales and  Marketing  at  Prairetek,  Inc., a  manufacturer  of disk
drives.  From 1983 to 1990,  Mr.  Malmed held  various  management  positions at
Maxtor.  Mr.  Malmed  holds a B.S.  degree in  Mechanical  Engineering  from the
University of Paris.

         Mr. Auclair has served as Vice President, Systems Engineering from 1990
to June 1993, Vice President,  Engineering and Technology from June 1993 to July
1995, Senior Vice President, Operations and Technology from July 1995 to January
1998  and  has  served  as  Senior  Vice  President  Business   Development  and
Intellectual  Property  since January 1998.  From 1988 to 1990,  Mr. Auclair was
Vice President of Engineering at Anamartic,  a company that utilizes wafer scale
technology to build DRAM mass storage  systems.  From 1984 to 1988,  Mr. Auclair
was Vice President and General Manager of the OMTI division of Scientific  Micro
Systems,  a supplier of disk  controllers and disk controller  chips to the disk
drive industry.  Mr. Auclair holds a B.S. degree in Engineering Physics from the
University of Maine and an M.S.  degree in Computer  Science from the University
of Santa Clara.

         Mr. Ralph Hudson  joined the company as Senior Vice  President of World
Wide  Operations  in August of 1998. He was  previously,  President of RJ Hudson
Consulting from 1997 to 1998, Vice President of Operations for USRobotics/3Com's
Network Work  Systems  Division  from 1996 to 1997,  Senior Vice  President  and
General  Manager for Bell and Howell from 1993 to 1996 and held  various  senior
management  positions  with Data  General  from  1977 to 1993  where he was Vice
President  of World  Wide  Operations  from 1989 to 1993.  Prior to this he held
various management and senior management position with NCR Corporation from 1967
to 1977. Mr. Hudson holds a B.S.  Degree in Industrial  Engineering  from Allied
Institute of Technology.



                                       24
<PAGE>

         Ms. Scarborough joined the Company as Vice President of Human Resources
in March 1999. She was previously  President of Scarborough  and Associates from
1997 to 1999 and Vice  President of Human  Resources  for the  California  State
Automobile  Association  from 1994 to 1997.  From 1973 to 1993, Ms.  Scarborough
held various  management  positions,  including  Director of Human Resources and
Organization  Development,  at Digital Equipment  Corporation.  Ms.  Scarborough
holds a B.S. degree in Psychology from Gordon College.


                                       25
<PAGE>


                                     PART II


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
        --------------------------------------------- 
        RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
        ---------------------------

Market Price of Common Stock

    The Company's Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol SNDK.  SanDisk's initial public offering of stock was November 8, 1995 at
$10.00 per share.  The  following  table  lists the high and low sales price for
each quarter during the last three years.

                                    High               Low
Fiscal year 1996
   First quarter                    $21.75              $12.00
   Second quarter                   $17.00              $10.625
   Third quarter                    $16.25             $  9.625
   Fourth quarter                   $16.125             $11.25
Fiscal year 1997
   First quarter                    $13.875            $  8.875
   Second quarter                   $14.875            $  9.625
   Third quarter                    $36.625             $14.75
   Fourth quarter                   $40.00              $15.75
Fiscal year 1998
   First quarter                    $26.25              $15.75
   Second quarter                   $25.125             $12.25
   Third quarter                    $14.75             $  7.50
   Fourth quarter                   $15.00             $  5.125

    As of March 15, 1999, there were  approximately  212 stockholders of record.
The Company has never  declared or paid any cash  dividends  on its Common Stock
and does not expect to pay cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. In addition,  the Company's existing line of credit agreement  currently
prohibits the payment of cash dividends without the bank's consent.  The Company
currently intends to retain its earnings, if any, for use in its business.

                                       26
<PAGE>


ITEM 6:  SANDISK CORPORATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
           (In thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year Ended December 31,                                   1998         1997         1996          1995         1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>          <C> 
Revenues
  Product                                            $ 103,190    $ 105,675     $ 89,599      $ 61,589     $ 35,378
  License and royalty                                   32,571       19,578        8,000         1,250            -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                         135,761      125,253       97,599        62,839       35,378

Cost of revenues                                        80,311       72,280       58,707        36,613       28,074
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                                           55,450       52,973       38,892        26,226        7,304
Operating income (loss)                                 12,810       19,680       12,474         7,777       (4,781)
Net income (loss)                                       11,836       19,839       14,485         9,065       (4,287)
Net income (loss) per share (pro forma for 1995 and 1994)
     Basic                                              $ 0.45       $ 0.87       $ 0.65        $ 0.48      $ (0.25)
     Diluted                                            $ 0.43       $ 0.79       $ 0.60        $ 0.45      $ (0.25)
Shares used in per share calculations
  (pro forma for 1995 and 1994)
     Basic                                              26,298       22,880       22,162        18,747       17,463
     Diluted                                            27,672       24,970       24,206        20,328       17,463



At December 31,                                           1998         1997         1996          1995         1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Working capital                                      $ 138,471    $ 134,298     $ 77,029      $ 68,002     $ 20,971
Total assets                                           255,741      245,467      108,268        92,147       31,861
Long term debt, less current portion                         -            -            -             -           93
Total stockholders' equity                             207,838      191,374       87,810        72,381       23,672

</TABLE>

The Company is restricted in paying cash  dividends  under the terms of its line
of credit agreement and paid no cash dividends during the five-year period. (See
Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements)

See Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements and Management's  Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



                                       27
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
SUPPLEMENTARY Quarterly Data
(Unaudited.  In thousands except per share data)

 Quarterly/1998               1st          2nd          3rd           4th
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
  Product                $ 25,426     $ 23,480     $ 24,143      $ 30,141
  License and royalty       8,676        7,881        7,935         8,079
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues             34,102       31,361       32,078        38,220

Gross profits              16,330       10,801       13,238        15,081
Operating income            6,004          370        2,633         3,803
Net income                  4,703        1,053        2,506         3,574
Net income per share
     Basic                 $ 0.18       $ 0.04       $ 0.09        $ 0.13
     Diluted               $ 0.17       $ 0.04       $ 0.09        $ 0.13



 Quarterly/1997               1st          2nd          3rd           4th
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
  Product                $ 18,194     $ 23,922     $ 30,219      $ 33,340
  License and royalty       3,250        3,425        5,925         6,978
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues             21,444       27,347       36,144        40,318

Gross profits               8,479       10,972       16,009        17,513
Operating income            1,540        3,391        7,233         7,516
Net income                  2,125        3,690        6,802         7,222
Net income per share
     Basic                 $ 0.09       $ 0.16       $ 0.30        $ 0.30
     Diluted               $ 0.09       $ 0.15       $ 0.27        $ 0.27


                                       28
<PAGE>


ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
        -----------------------------------------------------------
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
        -------------------------

    Certain  statements  in this  discussion  and analysis  are forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth in "Item 1:  Business - Factors That May Affect  Future  Results." The
following   discussion   should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  Company's
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.

OVERVIEW

    The Company was  founded in 1988 to develop  and market  flash data  storage
systems.  The  Company  sells  its  products  to the  consumer  electronics  and
industrial/communications  markets. During the course of 1998, the percentage of
the Company's  product sales  attributable to the consumer  electronics  market,
particularly  sales of  CompactFlash  for use in  digital  camera  applications,
increased substantially.  This increase in sales to the consumer market resulted
in a shift to lower  capacity  products,  which  typically  have  lower  average
selling  prices and gross margins than higher  capacity  products.  In addition,
these products are frequently  sold into the retail  channel,  which usually has
shorter  customer order  lead-times than the other channels used by the Company,
thereby   decreasing  the  Company's  ability  to  accurately   forecast  future
production needs. Subject to market acceptance of its CompactFlash products, the
Company  believes  these  products  will continue to represent a majority of the
Company's sales as the popularity of consumer  applications,  including  digital
cameras,  increases. The percentage of sales attributable to orders received and
fulfilled in the same  quarter has  increased  over time and, in  response,  the
Company is continuing to work to shorten its manufacturing cycle times.

    The  Company's  operating  results  are  affected  by a  number  of  factors
including  the  volume of  product  sales,  the  timing of  significant  orders,
competitive  pricing pressures,  the ability of the Company to match supply with
demand,  changes  in product  and  customer  mix,  market  acceptance  of new or
enhanced  versions of the Company's  products,  changes in the channels  through
which  the   Company's   products  are   distributed,   timing  of  new  product
announcements and  introductions by the Company and its competitors,  the timing
of license and royalty revenues,  fluctuations in product costs, availability of
foundry  capacity,  variations in  manufacturing  cycle times,  fluctuations  in
manufacturing  yields and  manufacturing  utilization,  increased  research  and
development  expenses,  and exchange  rate  fluctuations.  In  addition,  as the
proportion  of the  Company's  products  sold  for use in  consumer  electronics
applications  increases,  the Company's  revenues may become subject to seasonal
declines in the first quarter of each year. See "Item 1: Business - Factors That
May Affect Future Results - Our Operating  Results May Fluctuate  Significantly"
and "There is Seasonality in Our Business."

    Beginning  in late 1995,  the Company  adopted a strategy of  licensing  its
flash  technology,  including  its patent  portfolio,  to  selected  third party
manufacturers  of flash  products.  To date, the Company has entered into patent
cross-license   agreements  with  six  companies,   and  it  intends  to  pursue
opportunities to enter into additional  licenses.  The Company's current license
agreements provide for the payment of license fees, royalties,  or a combination
thereof,  to the  Company.  The  timing and  amount of these  payments  can vary
substantially from quarter to quarter,  depending on the terms of each agreement
and, in some cases,  the timing of sales of products by the other parties.  As a
result,  license and royalty revenues have fluctuated  significantly in the past
and are likely to continue to fluctuate in the future. Given the relatively high
gross margins  associated with license and royalty  revenues,  gross margins and
net income are likely to  fluctuate  more with  changes in license  and  royalty
revenues than with changes in product revenues.

    SanDisk   markets  its   products   using  a  direct   sales   organization,
distributors,  manufacturers' representatives,  private label partners, OEMs and
retailers.  The  Company  expects  that sales  through the retail  channel  will
comprise  an  increasing  share  of total  revenues  in the  future,  and that a
substantial  portion  of its  sales  into  the  retail  channel  will be made to
participants  that will have the right to return  unsold  products.  The Company
does not recognize  revenues from these sales until the products are sold to the
end customers. See "Item 1: Business - Sales and Distribution."

                                       29
<PAGE>


    Historically,  a  majority  of the  Company's  sales  have been to a limited
number of customers.  Product sales to the Company's top 10 customers  accounted
for  approximately  59%, 67%, and 71%,  respectively,  of the Company's  product
revenues for 1998,  1997,  and 1996. In addition,  revenues from one customer in
1998 exceeded 10% of total revenues.  No single  customer  accounted for greater
than 10% of revenues in 1997 and in 1996 one customer accounted for 26% of total
revenues.  The Company expects that sales of its products to a limited number of
customers  will  continue  to account for a  substantial  portion of its product
revenues  for  the  foreseeable   future.   The  Company  has  also  experienced
significant  changes in the  composition  of its customer base from year to year
and  expects  this  pattern to  continue  as market  demand for such  customers'
products fluctuates. The loss of, or significant reduction in purchases by major
customers,  could  have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial  condition and results of operations.  See "Item 1: Business - Factors
That May Affect Future Results - Sales to a Small Number of Customers  Represent
a Significant Portion of Our Revenues" and "Business - Sales and Distribution."

    Due to the  emerging  nature of the  Company's  target  markets  and certain
planned product transitions,  the Company has had difficulty  forecasting future
inventory  levels  required  to  meet  customer  demand.  As a  result  of  both
contractual  obligations  and  manufacturing  cycle times,  the Company has been
required to order  wafers from its  foundries  several  months in advance of the
ultimate shipment of its products.  Under the Company's wafer supply agreements,
there are limits on the number of wafers the Company can order and the Company's
ability to change  that  quantity  is  restricted.  Accordingly,  the  Company's
ability  to react to  significant  fluctuations  in demand for its  products  is
limited.  As a result,  the Company has not been able to match its  purchases of
wafers to specific  customer  orders and  therefore the Company has from time to
time taken write downs for potential  excess  inventory  purchased  prior to the
receipt of customer  orders.  For example,  in the second  quarter of 1998,  the
Company's  product gross margins were  negatively  impacted by such an inventory
write down. These adjustments decrease gross margins in the quarter reported and
have resulted,  and could in the future result, in fluctuations in gross margins
on a quarter to quarter  basis.  See "Item 1: Business - Factors That May Affect
Future Results - Our Operating Results May Fluctuate Significantly."

    Export sales are an important part of the Company's  business,  constituting
56%,  57%, and 55% of the  Company's  total  revenues in 1998,  1997,  and 1996,
respectively.  In 1998, product sales to Japan declined 19% from the prior year,
due in part to the Asian  economic  crisis.  While a majority  of the  Company's
revenues  from sales to Japan and other Asian  countries  are  derived  from OEM
customers who plan to export a portion of their products to countries outside of
Asia, the Asian economic  crisis may continue to adversely  effect the Company's
revenues to the extent that demand for the Company's  products in Asia declines.
Given the recent  economic  conditions  in Asia and the  weakness  of many Asian
currencies  relative to the United States dollar,  the Company's products may be
relatively  more  expensive  in Asia,  which  could  result in a decrease in the
Company's sales in that region. The Company may also experience  pressure on its
gross margins as a result of increased price competition from Asian competitors.
While most of the Company's sales are denominated in U.S.  Dollars,  the Company
invoices certain  Japanese  customers in Japanese Yen and is subject to exchange
rate fluctuations on these transactions. A portion of the Company's purchases of
wafers  are  denominated  in  Japanese  Yen.  While  this  percentage  has  been
decreasing,  exchange  rate  fluctuations  can  affect the  Company's  business,
financial  condition and results of operations.  See "Item 1: Business - Factors
That May Affect Future  Results - We Face Risks  Associated  with  International
Operations."

    For the  foreseeable  future,  the Company  expects to realize a significant
portion of its revenues from recently introduced and new products. Typically new
products  initially have lower gross margins than more mature  products  because
the manufacturing yields are lower at the start of manufacturing each successive
product generation. In addition, manufacturing yields are generally lower at the
start of manufacturing any product at a new foundry. To remain competitive,  the
Company is focusing on a number of  programs to lower its  manufacturing  costs,
including  development of future generations of D2 flash and advanced technology
wafers.  There can be no  assurance  that such  products  or  processes  will be
successfully developed by the Company or that development of such processes will
lower  manufacturing  costs.  In addition,  the Company  anticipates  that price
competition will increase in the future, which could result in decreased average
selling prices and lower gross margins. See "Item 1: Business - Factors That May
Affect Future Results -We Must Achieve Acceptable Manufacturing Yields."

                                       30
<PAGE>


YEAR 2000 READINESS DISCLOSURE

         The Company is aware of problems  associated  with computer  systems as
the year 2000  approaches.  Year 2000 problems are the result of common computer
programming techniques that result in systems that do not function properly when
manipulating  dates later than December 31, 1999.  The issue is complex and wide
ranging.  The problem may affect transaction  processing  computer  applications
used by the Company for accounting,  distribution,  manufacturing,  planning and
communications.  The problem may also affect  embedded  systems such as building
security systems,  machine controllers and production test equipment.  Year 2000
problems with these systems may affect the ability or efficiency  with which the
Company can perform many  significant  functions,  including but not limited to:
order processing and fulfillment,  material planning,  product assembly, product
test,  invoicing  and  financial  reporting.  While there can be no guarantee of
unaffected  operation,   the  completed  implementation  of  the  Company's  new
Management  Information  System,  and the  completed  assessment of its embedded
systems,  indicates  limited  exposure in these areas. The Year 2000 problem may
also affect the  computer  systems of the  Company's  suppliers  and  customers,
potentially  disrupting their operations.  Year 2000 problems with the Company's
business partners may impact the Company's sources of supply and demand.

         Year 2000  Readiness.  The  Company  has a Year  2000  Risk  Management
program  to  assess  the  impact  of the  Year  2000  issue on  SanDisk,  and to
coordinate remediation  activities.  The Company completed the evaluation of its
products for Year 2000  compliance in the third  quarter of 1998.  The Company's
FlashDisk,   FlashDrive,  Flash  ChipSet,  CompactFlash,   MultiMediaCard,   and
ImageMate product lines do not perform date related  processing,  do not contain
real time clock circuitry and therefore are Year 2000 ready. SanDisk storage and
connectivity  products are used as components in a variety of host systems.  The
firmware,  operating system, and application  software of these host systems are
designed and  manufactured by others.  SanDisk makes no claim with regard to the
Year 2000  readiness  of host  systems  designed  by  others in which  SanDisk's
products are used.  Independent  system designers make derivative works from the
SanDisk Host Developer's  Toolkit  ("Toolkit") source code product.  Sample date
related  subroutines  and data structures are included in the Toolkit for use by
system  designers.  Designers  modify  the sample  routines  in order to fit the
specific   requirements  of  their  host  operating  system.   The  designer  is
responsible  for the formatting and processing  logic  associated  with the date
values that pass through the Toolkit  subsystem and for the Year 2000  readiness
of the systems in which the Toolkit is used. SanDisk makes no claims with regard
to the Year 2000  readiness of host firmware and operating  systems  designed by
others that contain derivative works of the Host Developer's Toolkit.

         The Year  2000  remediation  of the  Company's  transaction  processing
systems was  completed  with the  installation  and testing of the Company's new
management information system in the fourth quarter of 1998. The new system is a
commercially available,  fully integrated MRP II (Materials Requirement Planning
and Accounting system) software application. This system is used for Accounting,
Order  Processing,   Planning,   Inventory  Control,   Shop  Floor  Control  and
Distribution.

         The  assessment  and  remediation  of Year 2000  problems  in  tertiary
business  information  systems  is  on-going.  Well  over  90% of the  Company's
investment in desktop PC hardware is known to be Year 2000 compliant, and proven
remediation  solutions have been  identified for the remaining 10%. The majority
of the software used on these systems and network servers are recent versions of
vendor supported,  commercially available products. Upgrading these applications
as Year 2000 compliant  patches are released by the  respective  vendors has not
been a significant  burden on the Company and is expected to be completed before
the end of 1999.

         The  assessment  of Year 2000  problems  in computer  systems  used for
facilities control,  machine control, and manufacturing testing is complete, and
remediation is on-going.  The most  significant Year 2000 issue in this area has
been found to be related to older wafer test  equipment.  This  equipment is not
expected to be in use in the year 2000.  The Company is phasing in new Year 2000
compliant  wafer test  equipment in  conjunction  with the  introduction  of new
generations of flash memory.

         The  Company  has begun its  assessment  of Year 2000 risks  related to
suppliers,  customers  and other third  parties.  Inquiries  will be made of all
critical suppliers and an assessment made of their Year 2000 readiness.  SanDisk
will also contact its significant  customers regarding their Year 2000 readiness
in order to understand the

                                       31
<PAGE>


potential for any  disruptions  in their ordering  patterns.  Completion of this
review will depend on the responsiveness of the Company's vendors and customers,
over which the Company has no control.

         Year  2000 Risk  Management  Program  Costs.  The cost of the Year 2000
project  related to upgrading the Company's core management  information  system
was approximately $1.0 million, $400,000 of which was related to the purchase of
software  and  hardware  which  was  capitalized  by the  Company.  The  Company
estimates it will cost an additional  $250,000 to upgrade  application  software
and replace  non-compliant  personal  computer  systems.  The Company would have
incurred the majority of these costs,  in spite of Year 2000 issues,  due to the
need to upgrade its  management  information  system,  application  software and
personal  computers to support the Company's  growth.  The  Company's  Year 2000
remediation  projects  will be funded from  operating  cash  flows.  No material
projects  have  been  deferred  in order to  complete  the  Company's  Year 2000
assessment and  remediation  projects.  The additional  expenses  related to the
management of the Year 2000 compliance  program and completing the assessment of
the Company's internal and external risks are not expected to be material to the
Company's quarterly operating results.

         The costs and time  schedule  for the Year 2000 problem  abatement  are
based on  management's  best estimates for the remediation of Year 2000 problems
uncovered to date. These estimates were derived utilizing numerous  assumptions,
including  that  the  most   significant  Year  2000  risks  have  already  been
identified,  that certain  resources  will continue to be available,  that third
party  plans will be  fulfilled,  and other  factors.  However,  there can be no
guarantee  that these  estimates will be achieved or that the  anticipated  time
schedule  will be met and actual  results  could  differ  materially  from those
anticipated.

         Contingency  Plans.  Specific  contingency  plans for systems that pose
significant  risk to on-going  operations are being developed under the auspices
of the Company's Year 2000 Risk Management program. Should previously undetected
Year 2000  problems  be found in other  systems,  these  systems  will either be
upgraded,  replaced,  turned off, or operated in place with manual procedures to
compensate  for  their  deficiencies.  While the  Company  believes  that  these
alternative  plans  would  be  adequate  to meet  the  Company's  needs  without
materially  impacting  its  operations,  there  can be no  assurance  that  such
alternatives  would be successful  or that the  Company's  results of operations
would not be  materially  adversely  affected  by the delays and  inefficiencies
inherent in conducting operations in this manner.

         Risks Related to Year 2000  Readiness.  Success of the  Company's  Year
2000 compliance efforts depend, in part, on the success of its key suppliers and
customers in dealing with their Year 2000 issues.  The Company does not have any
control over the  remediation  efforts of its key suppliers and customers and is
not aware of the extent to which they have resolved  their Year 2000  compliance
issues. The Company currently  purchases several critical components from single
or sole source  vendors.  Disruptions  in the supply of  components  from any of
these sole source  suppliers due to Year 2000 issues,  could cause delays in the
Company's  fulfillment of customer  orders which could result in reduced or lost
revenues.  Furthermore,  the Company's sales have historically been to a limited
number  of  customers.  Any  disruption  in the  purchasing  patterns  of  these
customers or potential  customers  due to Year 2000 issues could cause a decline
in the Company's  revenues.  There can be no assurance  that the Company and its
key  suppliers and customers  will identify and remediate all  significant  Year
2000 problems on a timely basis. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the
Company's insurance will cover losses from business  interruptions  arising from
Year 2000  problems  of the  Company  or its  suppliers.  Year  2000  compliance
problems of the Company's key suppliers and customers could adversely affect the
Company's, business, financial condition and results of operations.

         The foregoing  statements  regarding the Company's  Year 2000 readiness
are based upon  management's  best  estimates  at the present  time,  which were
derived utilizing assumptions  regarding future events,  including the continued
availability  of certain  resources,  third party  modification  plans and other
factors.  There can be no guarantee  that these  estimates  will be achieved and
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated.  Specific factors
that might cause such material  differences include, but are not limited to, the
availability  and cost of personnel  trained in this area, the ability to locate
and correct all relevant  computer  codes,  the nature and amount of programming
required  to upgrade  or replace  each of the  affected  programs,  the rate and
magnitude of related labor and consulting costs and the success of the Company's
external customers and suppliers in addressing the Year

                                       32
<PAGE>


2000 issue.  The  Company's  evaluation  is on-going and it expects that new and
different  information will become available to it as the evaluation  continues.
Consequently, there is no guarantee that all material elements will be Year 2000
ready in time.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    Product  Revenues.  SanDisk's product revenues declined 2% to $103.2 million
in 1998 from $105.7  million in 1997.  The decrease  consisted of an increase in
unit shipments of 34% which was offset by a decline in average selling prices of
28%. Fiscal year 1997 product revenues increased 18% from $89.6 million in 1996.
The  increase of $16.1  million  consisted of a 146%  increase in units  shipped
offset by a 51% decline in average selling prices.

     In 1998 and 1997,  the  largest  increase in unit volume came from sales of
CompactFlash  products,  primarily for use in digital cameras and other consumer
electronics applications. CompactFlash products represented approximately 68% of
all units  shipped and 50% of product  revenues  in 1998  compared to 73% of all
units  shipped  and 49% of  product  revenues  in  1997.  In 1997,  the  Company
experienced  a  significant  shift in product  mix from  PCMCIA  flash  cards to
CompactFlash cards, which have lower capacities. This contributed to the decline
in average selling prices in 1997. The Company  anticipates  that lower capacity
products  will  continue  to  represent  a  significant  portion of its sales as
consumer  applications  such as digital  cameras  become more popular.  Sales of
these lower capacity  products  generally have lower average  selling prices and
gross  margins than higher  capacity  products.  The mix of products sold varies
from  quarter to quarter and may vary in the  future,  affecting  the  Company's
overall average selling prices and gross margins.

    The  Company  has   experienced   and  expects  to  continue  to  experience
seasonality  in its  product  sales.  Due to the shift in  product  mix  towards
CompactFlash   products  which  are  sold  primarily  for  consumer  electronics
applications,  the Company  expects that its product sales will be  increasingly
impacted by seasonal purchasing  patterns,  with higher sales in the second half
of each year as compared to the first half of each such year.  In the past,  the
Company has  experienced  a reduction in order  quantities  in the first quarter
from Japanese OEM  customers,  reflecting  the fact that most customers in Japan
operate on a fiscal year ending in March and prefer to delay purchases until the
beginning  of their next  fiscal  year.  In  addition,  the effects of the Asian
economic crisis on the Company's revenues is uncertain. The Company's ability to
adjust its  operating  expenses  is limited in the short term due to a number of
factors  described  herein and in "Factors That May Affect Future Results." As a
result, if product revenues are lower than anticipated, the Company's results of
operations will be adversely affected.  SanDisk's backlog at the end of 1998 was
$13.4  million,  compared to $18.6 million in 1997 and $5.8 million in 1996. See
"Item 1:  Business - Factors  That May  Affect  Future  Results - Our  Operating
Results May Fluctuate Significantly" and "There is Seasonality in Our Business."

    License and Royalty  Revenues.  The Company  currently  earns patent license
fees and royalties  under six  cross-license  agreements  with  Hitachi,  Intel,
Sharp,  Samsung,  SST and  Toshiba.  License  and  royalty  revenue  from patent
cross-license  agreements  was $32.6  million in 1998,  up from $19.6 million in
1997, and $8.0 million in 1996. The increase in license and royalty  revenues in
1998 was partially due to the  recognition  of a full year of revenues under the
Hitachi,  Toshiba and Samsung  agreements,  which were entered into in the third
quarter of 1997.  Revenues from licenses and royalties increased to 24% of total
revenues in 1998 from 16% in 1997 from and 8% in 1996.

    Gross Profits.  In fiscal 1998, gross profits increased to $55.5 million, or
40.8% of total revenues, from $53.0 million, or 42.3% of total revenues in 1997,
and $38.9  million,  or 39.8% of total  revenues in 1996. In 1998 and 1997,  the
growth in overall gross profits resulted from an increase in license and royalty
revenues,  which was partially  offset by a decline in gross profit from product
sales.  Product  gross profits  declined as a percentage of product  revenues to
22.2% in 1998  compared to 31.6% in 1997 and 34.5% in 1996.  The decline in 1998
was  primarily due to  competitive  pricing  pressures.  The decline in 1997 was
primarily  due to the shift in product mix to  CompactFlash  products  that have
lower average  selling  prices and gross  margins than the  Company's  FlashDisk
products.  This decline was partially  offset by cost reductions  related to the
Company's  shift to in-house  assembly and test.  The Company  anticipates  that
lower capacity products will continue to represent a significant  portion of its
sales as consumer  applications such as digital cameras become more popular. The
Company is currently working on

                                       33
<PAGE>


many cost reduction  programs to strengthen product gross margins in 1999. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these efforts.  Also,
increased competition may negatively affect gross margins in 1999.

    Research  and  Development.   Research  and  development   expenses  consist
principally of salaries and payroll related  expenses for design and development
engineers,  prototype supplies and contract  services.  Research and development
expenses increased to $18.2 million in 1998 from $13.6 million in 1997 and $10.2
million in 1996. As a percentage of revenues,  research and development expenses
represented  13.4% in 1998,  10.8% in 1997, and 10.4% in 1996. In 1998 and 1997,
the  increase in research  and  development  expenses  was  primarily  due to an
increase in salaries and  payroll-related  expenses  associated  with additional
personnel.  Increased depreciation due to capital equipment additions and higher
project  related  expenses  also  contributed  to the  growth  in  research  and
development expenses in both years. The Company expects research and development
expenses  to  continue  to  increase,  in  absolute  dollars  and  perhaps  as a
percentage of revenue,  to support the  development of new  generations of flash
data storage products.

    Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing  expenses include salaries,  sales
commissions,  benefits and travel expenses for the Company's  sales,  marketing,
customer service and  applications  engineering  personnel.  These expenses also
include other selling and marketing expenses, such as independent manufacturer's
representative  commissions,  advertising  and  tradeshow  expenses.  Sales  and
marketing expenses increased to $16.9 million in 1998 from $12.6 million in 1997
and $8.8 million in 1996.  The increase in 1998 was  primarily  due to increased
marketing and sales expenses  related to the  development of the retail channel.
Increased  salaries and payroll  related  expenses  associated  with  additional
personnel also contributed significantly to the increase in 1998 and 1997. Sales
and marketing  expenses increased to 12.5% of total revenues in 1998 compared to
10.0% in 1997 and 9.0% in 1996  primarily  due to increased  marketing  expenses
related to the development of the retail channel.  The Company expects sales and
marketing  expenses to increase as sales of its products  grow and as it further
develops the retail channel for its products.

    General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses include the
cost of the Company's finance, information systems, human resources, shareholder
relations,  legal  and  administrative  functions.  General  and  administrative
expenses  were $7.5  million in 1998  compared to $7.1  million in 1997 and $7.4
million in 1996. The increase in 1998 was primarily due to increased  consulting
expenses  related  to  the   implementation  of  the  Company's  new  management
information system and an increase in bad debt expense. The decrease in 1997 was
primarily  due to a  decrease  in legal  fees  which  was  partially  offset  by
increased  salaries  and payroll  related  expenses  associated  with  increased
personnel, higher recruiting expenses, increased allowance for doubtful accounts
and higher consulting expenses.  General and administrative expenses represented
5.5% of total revenues in 1998 compared to 5.7% of revenues in 1997, and 7.6% in
1996. The Company expects general and administrative expenses to increase as the
general and  administrative  functions grow to support the overall growth of the
Company.  General and administrative  expenses could also increase substantially
in the future if the Company pursues  litigation to defend its patent portfolio.
See "Factors That May Affect  Future  Results - Risks  Associated  with Patents,
Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

    Interest and Other Income,  Net.  Interest and other  income,  net, was $5.7
million in 1998, $3.7 million in 1997, and $3.2 million in 1996. The increase in
1998  is  primarily  due  to  higher  investment  balances  as a  result  of the
investment of proceeds  from the sale of common stock in the Company's  November
1997 follow on public offering.

    Provision for Income Taxes. The Company's 1998, 1997, and 1996 effective tax
rates were approximately 36.0%, 15.0%, and 7.3% respectively. The Company's 1998
tax rate is  substantially  higher than its 1997 rate due to the  utilization of
all remaining federal and state tax credit  carryforwards in 1997. The Company's
1997  effective tax rate is  substantially  higher than its 1996 rate due to the
utilization of all remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards in 1996.


                                       34
<PAGE>


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    As of December 31, 1998, the Company had working  capital of $138.5 million,
which included $15.4 million in cash and cash  equivalents and $119.1 million in
short-term  investments.  The  Company  has a line  of  credit  facility  with a
commercial  bank  under  which it can  borrow up to $10.0  million at the bank's
prime rate.  This line of credit  facility  expires in July 1999. As of December
31,  1998,  the  Company  had $1.0  million  committed  under the line of credit
facility for standby  letters of credit.  The facility  contains  covenants that
require  the  Company to  maintain  certain  financial  ratios and levels of net
worth, and prohibits the payment of cash dividends to stockholders.  The Company
is currently in compliance  with all covenants in the line of credit  agreement.
The Company  intends to either  renew its line of credit or negotiate a new line
of credit upon the expiration of its current line.

    Operating  activities  provided $13.4 million of cash in 1998 primarily from
net income,  a reduction  in  inventory of $6.7 million and an increase in other
accrued  liabilities of $1.5 million,  which were partially offset by a decrease
in accounts  payable of $7.2 million and an increase in prepaid and other assets
of $5.3 million. Cash provided by operations was $26.8 million in 1997 and $13.4
million in 1996.

    Net cash used in investing  activities of $23.0 million in 1998 consisted of
a second  investment  in the USIC  foundry  of $10.9  million,  $7.5  million of
capital equipment purchases and net purchases of investments of $4.6 million. In
1997 net cash used in investing  activities of $108.9  million  consisted of net
purchases of investments  of $59.0  million,  an investment of $40.3 in the USIC
foundry and $9.6 million of capital equipment purchases.  In 1996, cash used for
investing  purposes  of $22.2  million  included  net  purchases  of short  term
investments of $13.8 million and capital equipment purchases of $8.4 million.

    During  1998,  cash  provided by  financing  activities  of $4.2 million was
primarily  from the sale of common  stock  through the SanDisk  stock option and
employee stock purchase plans.  Financing  activities  provided $83.7 million of
cash in 1997,  primarily from the sale of common stock in the Company's November
1997 follow on public  offering and $0.8 million in 1996 primarily from the sale
of common stock  through the SanDisk  stock option and employee  stock  purchase
plans.

    Depending on the demand for the Company's  products,  the Company may decide
to make additional investments, which could be substantial, in assembly and test
manufacturing  equipment  or foundry  capacity  to support  its  business in the
future.  Management believes the existing cash and cash equivalents,  short-term
investments  and  available  line of  credit  will  be  sufficient  to meet  the
Company's   currently   anticipated  working  capital  and  capital  expenditure
requirements for the next twelve months.

IMPACT OF CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES

    The Company  currently  purchases  wafers  from  Matsushita  under  purchase
contracts  denominated in Japanese Yen. A portion of the Company's  revenues are
also denominated in Japanese Yen. Foreign  exchange  exposures  arising from the
Company's Japanese Yen denominated  commitments and related accounts payable are
offset  to  the  extent  the  Company  has  Japanese  Yen  denominated  accounts
receivable and cash balances.  To the extent such foreign exchange exposures are
not offset,  the Company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge
against  changes in foreign  currency  exchange rates. At December 31, 1998, one
forward contract with a notional amount of $4.3 million was outstanding.  Future
exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.


Item 7a.  Market Risk Disclosure Information
          ----------------------------------

    Interest  Rate Risk.  The  Company's  exposure to market risk for changes in
interest  rates relates  primarily to the Company's  investment  portfolio.  The
primary  objective  of  the  Company's  investment  activities  is  to  preserve
principal while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. This is
accomplished  by  investing  in  widely  diversified   short-term   investments,
consisting primarily of investment grade securities,  substantially all of which
either  mature  within  the  next  twelve  months  or  have  characteristics  of
short-term investments. A hypothetical 50

                                       35
<PAGE>


basis point increase in interest  rates would result in an approximate  $390,000
(less  than  0.4%)  in  the  fair  value  of  the  Company's  available-for-sale
securities.

    Foreign Currency Risk. The Company enters into foreign exchange contracts to
reduce the impact of currency  fluctuations  on firm purchase order  commitments
for  inventory.  Gains and losses on these foreign  currency  investments  would
generally  be offset by  corresponding  losses and gains on the related  hedging
instruments,  resulting in negligible net exposure to the Company. A substantial
majority of the Company's revenue,  expense and capital purchasing  activity are
transacted in U.S. dollars. However, the Company does enter into transactions in
other currencies,  primarily the Japanese Yen. To protect against  reductions in
value and the  volatility  of future  cash  flows  caused by  changes in foreign
exchange rates, the Company has established a hedging program.  Currency forward
contracts are utilized in these hedging programs. The Company's hedging programs
reduce,  but do not always entirely  eliminate,  the impact of foreign  currency
exchange rate movements. An adverse change of 10% in exchange rates would result
in a decline in income before taxes of approximately $431,000.

    All of the potential  changes noted above are based on sensitivity  analyses
performed on the Company's financial positions at December 31, 1998.


                                       36
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.           
                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                    Contents
                                                                    Page

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.............       38
Consolidated Balance Sheets...................................       39
Consolidated Statements of Income.............................       40
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity...............       41
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.........................       42
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements....................       43


                                       37
<PAGE>


                REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
SanDisk Corporation

    We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of SanDisk
Corporation  as of  December  31, 1998 and 1997,  and the  related  consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended  December  31,  1998.  Our audits also  included  the
financial  statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility  is to  express  an opinion  on these  financial  statements  and
schedule based on our audits.

    We conducted  our audits in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
SanDisk  Corporation at December 31, 1998 and 1997 and the consolidated  results
of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December 31, 1998,  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered  in  relation  to the basic  financial  statements  taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.



                                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

                                                Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
January 22, 1999


                                       38
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

December 31,                                                  1998          1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                              $ 15,384      $ 20,888
   Short-term investments                                  119,074       114,037
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
      accounts of $1,069 in 1998 and $756 in 1997           20,400        19,352
   Inventories                                               8,922        15,648
   Deferred tax assets                                      15,900        17,060
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                 6,694         1,406
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total current assets                                    186,374       188,391

Property and equipment, net                                 17,542        15,892
Investment in foundry                                       51,208        40,284
Deposits and other assets                                      617           900
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                             $ 255,741     $ 245,467
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                        $ 6,938      $ 14,111
   Accrued payroll and related expenses                      3,768         4,674
   Income taxes payable                                      4,668         3,812
   Other accrued liabilities                                 5,077         3,529
   Deferred revenue                                         27,452        27,967
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total current liabilities                                47,903        54,093
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $0.001 par value
      Authorized shares:  4,000,000
      Issued:  none                                              -             -
   Common stock, $0.001 par value
       Authorized shares:  40,000,000
       Issued and outstanding: 26,628,110 in 1998 and
           25,865,229 in 1997                                   27            26
   Capital in excess of par value                          186,093       181,895
   Retained earnings                                        21,247         9,411
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                      471            42
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                 207,838       191,374
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity               $ 255,741     $ 245,467
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements


                                       39
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31,                   1998            1997            1996
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues
     Product                          $ 103,190       $ 105,675        $ 89,599
     License and royalty                 32,571          19,578           8,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                          135,761         125,253          97,599

Cost of revenues                         80,311          72,280          58,707
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profits                            55,450          52,973          38,892
Operating expenses
     Research and development            18,174          13,577          10,181
     Sales and marketing                 16,933          12,568           8,792
     General and administrative           7,533           7,148           7,445
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                 42,640          33,293          26,418
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income                         12,810          19,680          12,474
Interest and other income, net            5,681           3,660           3,154
Interest expense                              -               -              (3)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before taxes                      18,491          23,340          15,625
Provision for income taxes                6,655           3,501           1,140
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                             $ 11,836        $ 19,839        $ 14,485
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share
     Basic                               $ 0.45          $ 0.87          $ 0.65
     Diluted                             $ 0.43          $ 0.79          $ 0.60
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares used in computing net income
   per share
     Basic                               26,298          22,880          22,162
     Diluted                             27,672          24,970          24,206
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements


                                       40
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                   Capital In                               Other             Total
                                                    Common Stock    Excess of        Retained       Comprehensive     Stockholders'
                                             Shares      Amount     Par Value        Earnings              Income            Equity
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>       <C>            <C>                       <C>          <C>     
Balance at December 31, 1995                 22,005        $ 22      $ 97,272       $ (24,913)                $ -          $ 72,381
 Net income                                       -           -             -          14,485                   -            14,485
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                             -           -             -               -                   5                5
                                                                                                                           ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                        14,490
                                                                                                                           ---------
Exercise of stock options for cash              168           -            95               -                   -                95
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan                 92           -           783               -                   -               783
Exercise of common stock warrants                62           -             -               -                   -                 -
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                            -           -            61               -                   -                61
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1996                 22,327          22        98,211         (10,428)                  5            87,810
 Net income                                       -           -             -          19,839                   -            19,839
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                             -           -             -               -                  37               37
                                                                                                                           ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                        19,876
                                                                                                                           ---------
Exercise of stock options for cash              357           1           583               -                   -               584
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan                126           -         1,189               -                   -             1,189
Exercise of common stock warrants                55           -             -               -                   -                 -
Sale of common stock, net of
     issuance costs                           3,000           3        79,414               -                   -            79,417
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                            -           -         2,498               -                   -             2,498
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1997                 25,865          26       181,895           9,411                  42           191,374
 Net income                                       -           -             -          11,836                   -            11,836
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                             -           -             -               -                 429              429
                                                                                                                           ---------
Comprehensive income                                                                                                        12,265
                                                                                                                           ---------
Exercise of stock options for cash              630           -           930               -                   -               930
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan                130           1         1,474               -                   -             1,475
Exercise of common stock warrants                 3           -             -               -                   -                 -
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                            -           -         1,761               -                   -             1,761
Compensation expense related to
     modification of stock options                -           -            33               -                   -                33
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1998                 26,628        $ 27     $ 186,093        $ 21,247               $ 471         $ 207,838
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements


                                       41
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Years Ended December 31,                                    1998          1997          1996
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>     
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                              $ 11,836      $ 19,839      $ 14,485
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
   provided by operating activities:
       Depreciation                                        5,839         3,985         2,347
       Deferred tax                                        1,160       (16,055)       (1,000)
       Compensation related to modification of
             stock option terms                               33             -             -
       Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable                            (1,048)       (7,467)       (3,457)
           Inventory                                       6,726        (6,018)          781
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets      (5,288)       (1,122)         (250)
           Deposits and other assets                         283            (9)         (271)
           Accounts payable                               (7,174)        6,516        (1,458)
           Accrued payroll and related expenses             (906)        1,817           911
           Income taxes payable                              856         1,997         1,441
           Other accrued liabilities                       1,548           990           149
           Deferred revenue                                 (515)       22,315          (253)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total adjustments                                        1,514         6,949        (1,060)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                 13,350        26,788        13,425
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of short-term investments                     (137,822)     (148,954)      (47,977)
Proceeds from short-term investments                     133,214        89,919        34,157
Acquisition of property and equipment                     (7,489)       (9,592)       (8,378)
Investment in foundry                                    (10,923)      (40,284)            -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used in investing activities                    (23,020)     (108,911)      (22,198)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
Sale of common stock and warrants,
  net of repurchases                                       4,166        83,688           939
Principal payments under capital leases                        -             -           (98)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                  4,166        83,688           841
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents      (5,504)        1,565        (7,932)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year            20,888        19,323        27,255
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                $ 15,384      $ 20,888      $ 19,323
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the period for interest                     $ -           $ -           $ 3
Cash paid for income taxes                               $ 8,277      $ 15,172         $ 451
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements


                                       42
<PAGE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
- ------------------------------------------ 


NOTE 1:  ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Organization and Nature of Operations

    SanDisk  Corporation  (the Company) was  incorporated in Delaware on June 1,
1988, to design,  manufacture,  and market  industry-standard,  solid-state mass
storage products using proprietary,  high-density  flash memory technology.  The
Company  operates  in one  segment  and  serves  customers  in  the  industrial,
communications,  highly  portable  computing and consumer  electronics  markets.
Principal  geographic  markets  for the  Company's  products  include the United
States, Japan, Europe and the Far East.

Supplier and Customer Concentrations

    A limited number of customers  historically have accounted for a substantial
portion of the Company's revenues. In 1998, one customer accounted for more than
10% of the Company's total revenues.  In 1997, no single customer  accounted for
greater than 10% of total  revenues.  During 1996,  one customer  accounted  for
approximately  26% of the  Company's  total  revenues.  Sales  of the  Company's
products will vary as a result of  fluctuations in market demand.  Further,  the
flash data storage markets in which the Company  competes are  characterized  by
rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry  standards,  declining average
selling prices and rapid technological obsolescence.

    Certain of the raw materials  used by the Company in the  manufacture of its
products are available from a limited number of suppliers.  For example,  all of
the Company's  products  require silicon wafers which are currently  supplied by
United  Semiconductor,  Inc.  ("USIC") and United Silicon  Corporation  ("USC"),
subsidiaries  of United  Microelectronics  Corporation  ("UMC') in Taiwan and by
Matsushita  in Japan.  The Company is dependent on its  foundries to allocate to
the Company a portion of their foundry capacity sufficient to meet the Company's
needs, to produce wafers of acceptable quality and with acceptable manufacturing
yields  and to  deliver  those  wafers  to the  Company  on a timely  basis.  On
occasion, the Company has experienced difficulties in each of these areas.

    Under  each  of the  Company's  wafer  supply  agreements,  the  Company  is
obligated to provide a monthly rolling forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.
Except in limited circumstances and subject to acceptance by the foundries,  the
estimates  for the first  three  months of each  forecast  constitute  a binding
commitment  and the  estimates  for the  remaining  months may not  increase  or
decrease by more than a certain  percentage from the previous month's  forecast.
These   restrictions  limit  the  Company's  ability  to  react  to  significant
fluctuations in demand for its products.  As a result,  the Company has not been
able to match its purchases of wafers to specific customer orders, and therefore
the Company has taken write downs for potential excess inventory purchased prior
to the  receipt of  customer  orders and may be required to do so in the future.
These  adjustments  decrease  gross  margins in the  quarter  reported  and have
resulted,  and could in the future result in  fluctuations in gross margins on a
quarter to quarter basis. To the extent the Company  inaccurately  forecasts the
number of wafers required,  it may have either a shortage or an excess supply of
wafers,  either of which could have a material  adverse  effect on the Company's
business,  financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally,  if the
Company is unable to obtain scheduled quantities of wafers from any foundry with
acceptable yields, the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations could be negatively impacted.

    In  additiona,  certain key  components,  are  purchased  from single source
vendors for which  alternative  sources are currently not  available.  Shortages
could occur in these  essential  materials due to an  interruption  of supply or
increased demand in the industry.  If the Company were unable to procure certain
of such materials,  it would be required to reduce its manufacturing  operations
which could have a material adverse effect upon its results of operations.


                                       43
<PAGE>


Use of Estimates

    The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Basis of Presentation

    The Company's  fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal
year 1998  ended on  December  27,  1998.  Fiscal  years  1997 and 1996 ended on
December 28, 1997 and December 29, 1996, respectively. For ease of presentation,
the accompanying  financial statements have been shown as ending on the last day
of the calendar month.

Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned  subsidiaries.  All significant  intercompany  balances and
transactions have been eliminated.

Foreign Currency Transactions

    Foreign  operations  are measured  using the U.S.  dollar as the  functional
currency. Accordingly,  monetary accounts (principally cash, accounts receivable
and  liabilities)  are remeasured using the foreign exchange rate at the balance
sheet date.  Operations  accounts and  nonmonetary  balance  sheet  accounts are
remeasured  at the rate in effect at the date of  transaction.  The  effects  of
foreign currency remeasurement are reported in current operations. See "Note 2."

Reclassifications

    Certain reclassifications, none of which affected net income, have been made
to prior year's amounts to conform to the current year's presentation.

Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

    Cash equivalents consist of short-term,  highly liquid financial instruments
with insignificant  interest rate risk that are readily  convertible to cash and
have  maturities  of  three  months  or less  from the  date of  purchase.  Cash
equivalents and short-term  investments  consist of money market funds,  taxable
commercial paper,  certificates of deposit,  U.S. government agency obligations,
corporate / municipal  notes and bonds with  high-credit  quality,  money market
preferred stock and auction rate preferred stock.  The fair market value,  based
on quoted market  prices,  of cash  equivalents  and  short-term  investments is
substantially equal to their carrying value at December 31, 1998 and 1997.

    Under FAS 115, management  classifies  investments as  available-for-sale at
the  time of  purchase  and  periodically  reevaluates  such  designation.  Debt
securities  classified  as  available-for-sale   are  reported  at  fair  value.
Unrecognized gains or losses on  available-for-sale  securities are included, in
equity until their disposition.  Realized gains and losses and declines in value
judged to be other than temporary on available-for-sale  securities are included
in  interest  income.  The cost of  securities  sold is  based  on the  specific
identification method.

    All cash equivalents and short-term  investments as of December 31, 1998 and
1997  are  classified  as  available-for-sale  securities  and  consist  of  the
following:

                                       44
<PAGE>



                                                           December 31,
                                                     1998                 1997
                                                ---------            ---------
                                                          (In thousands)
      Cash equivalents:
        Money market fund                       $   1,389            $     115
        Commercial paper                            9,178                2,000
        Municipal notes                                 -                5,800
        U.S. government agency obligations              -                  694
        Corporate notes / bonds                     2,251                1,650
                                                ---------            ---------
                Total                           $  12,818            $  10,259
                                                =========            =========


      Short term investments:
        U.S. government agency obligations      $       -            $   7,463
        Municipal notes / bonds                    91,073               54,059
        Corporate notes / bonds                    12,550               24,429
        Money market preferred stock                    -                4,000
        Certificates of deposit                         -                4,036
        Auction rate preferred stock               15,451               20,050
                                                ---------            ---------
                Total                           $ 119,074            $ 114,037
                                                =========            =========

    Unrealized  holding  gains and losses on  available-for-sale  securities  at
December  31,  1998 and 1997 were  $471,000  and  $42,000,  respectively.  Gross
realized gains and losses on sales of  available-for-sale  securities during the
years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 were immaterial.

    Debt securities at December 31, 1998 and 1997, by contractual maturity,  are
shown below.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual  maturities  because
issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations.


                                                         December 31,
                                                        1998       1997
                                                    --------   --------
         Short-term investments:                       (In thousands)
             Due in one year or less                $ 93,983   $ 68,937
             Due after one year through two years     25,091     45,100
                                                    --------   --------
                   Total                            $119,074   $114,037
                                                    ========   ========



Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a
currently  adjusted  standard  basis  (which  approximates  actual  costs  on  a
first-in,  first-out  basis).  Market value is based upon an  estimated  average
selling price reduced by normal gross margins. Inventories are as follows:

                                           December 31,
                                           1998      1997
                                        -------   -------
                                          (In thousands)
                      Raw materials     $ 2,710   $ 3,289
                      Work-in-process     3,818    10,340
                      Finished goods      2,394     2,019
                                        -------   -------
                                        $ 8,922   $15,648
                                        =======   =======

    Given the volatility of the market,  the Company makes inventory  provisions
for  potentially  excess and obsolete  inventory based on backlog and forecasted
demand. However, backlog is subject to revisions, cancellations and

                                       45
<PAGE>


rescheduling.   Actual  demand  may  differ  from  forecasted  demand  and  such
differences may have a material effect on the Company's  financial  position and
results of operations.

Property and Equipment

    Property and equipment consist of the following:


                                                         December 31,
                                                       1998        1997
                                                   --------    --------
                                                       (in thousands)  
       Machinery and equipment                     $ 30,008    $ 23,919
       Software                                       3,413       2,450
       Furniture and fixtures                         1,173         875
       Leasehold improvements                         2,120       1,981
                                                   --------    --------
       Property and equipment, at cost               36,714      29,225
       Accumulated depreciation and amortization    (19,172)    (13,333)
       Property and equipment, net                 $ 17,542    $ 15,892
                                                   ========    ========


Depreciation and Amortization

    Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets or the  remaining  lease term,  whichever is shorter,
generally two to seven years.

Investment in Foundry

    In 1997,  the  Company  invested  $40.3  million  in United  Silicon,  Inc.,
("USIC") a  semiconductor  manufacturing  subsidiary of United  Microelectronics
Corporation  in Taiwan.  The  transaction  gives the Company an equity  stake of
approximately 10% in the facility (which is accounted for on the cost basis) and
guarantees access to approximately  12.5% of the wafer output from the facility.
In 1998, the Company increased its investment by $10.9 million to retain its 10%
ownership interest. No changes were made to the production agreement.

Revenue Recognition

    Product  revenue is generally  recognized  at the time of  shipment,  less a
provision  for  estimated  sales  returns.  However,  revenue  on  shipments  to
distributors  and  retailers,  subject  to  certain  rights of return  and price
protection,  is deferred until the  merchandise is sold by the  distributors  or
retailers, or the rights expire.

    The  Company  earns  patent   license  and  royalty   revenue  under  patent
cross-license  agreements  with  Hitachi  Ltd.  ("Hitachi"),  Intel  Corporation
("Intel"),  Samsung  Electronics  Company Ltd.  ("Samsung"),  Sharp  Electronics
Corporation  ("Sharp"),  Silicon Storage  Technology,  Inc.  ("SST") and Toshiba
Corporation  ("Toshiba").  The Company's current license  agreements provide for
the  payment  of license  fees,  royalties,  or a  combination  thereof,  to the
Company.  The timing and amount of these  payments can vary  substantially  from
quarter to quarter, depending on the terms of each agreement and, in some cases,
the timing of sales of products by the other parties.

    Patent license and royalty  revenue is recognized  when earned.  In 1998 and
1997,  the Company  received  payments  under these  cross  license  agreements,
portions of which were  recognized as revenue and portions of which are deferred
revenue.  Recognition of deferred revenue is expected to occur in future periods
as the Company meets certain obligations as provided in the various agreements.


                                       46
<PAGE>


Net Income Per Share

    The Company  determines  net income per share in accordance  with  Financial
Accounting Stardards Statement 128, Earnings Per Share.

    The  following  table sets forth the  computation  of basic and  diluted net
income per share (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                    1998    1997    1996
                                                 ------- ------- -------
Numerator:
   Numerator for basic and diluted
     net income per share - net income           $11,836 $19,839 $14,485
                                                 ======= ======= =======

Denominator for basic net income per share:
   Weighted average common shares                 26,298  22,880  22,162
                                                 ------- ------- -------
Shares used in computing basic net income
per share                                         26,298  22,880  22,162
                                                 ======= ======= =======

Basic net income per share                       $  0.45 $  0.87 $  0.65
                                                 ======= ======= =======

Denominator for diluted net income per share:
   Weighted average common shares                 26,298  22,880  22,162
   Dilutive effect of employee stock options and
      warrants to purchase common stock
                                                   1,374   2,090   2,044
                                                 ------- ------- -------
Shares used in computing diluted net income
per share                                         27,672  24,970  24,206
                                                 ======= ======= =======

Diluted net income per share                     $  0.43 $  0.79 $  0.60
                                                 ======= ======= =======

    Options and  warrants to purchase  901,443;  257,008,  and 64,962  shares of
common stock in 1998,  1997 and 1996,  respectively,  have been omitted from the
earnings per share calculation, as their effect is antidilutive.


Stock Based Compensation

    The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation under APB Opinion
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related  interpretations.
Pro forma net  income  and net  income  per share are  disclosures  required  by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based
Compensation," and are included in Note 5.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

    In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement 133,
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,  which is required
to be adopted in years beginning  after June 15, 1999.  Because of the Company's
minimal use of derivatives,  management does not anticipate that the adoption of
the new Statement  will have a  significant  effect on earnings or the financial
position of the Company.


                                       47
<PAGE>


NOTE 2:  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Concentration of Credit Risk

    The Company's  concentration  of credit risk consists  principally  of cash,
cash equivalents,  short-term  investments and trade receivables.  The Company's
investment policy restricts  investments to high-credit  quality investments and
limits the amounts  invested with any one issuer.  The Company sells to original
equipment manufacturers, retailers and distributors in the United States, Japan,
Europe and the Far East,  performs ongoing credit  evaluations of its customers'
financial  condition,  and  generally  requires  no  collateral.   Reserves  are
maintained for potential credit losses.

Off Balance Sheet Risk

    In connection with the credit agreement discussed in Note 3, the Company has
a foreign exchange  contract line in the amount of $15.0 million at December 31,
1998.  Under this line,  the Company may enter into forward  exchange  contracts
which require the Company to sell or purchase  foreign  currencies.  One forward
exchange  contract in the amount of $4.3 million was outstanding at December 31,
1998. There were no forward exchange contracts outstanding at December 31, 1997.
Foreign  currency  translation  losses of $34,000 were  deferred at December 31,
1998 in connection with this forward contract.

    Certain of the Company's purchase commitments and balance sheet accounts are
denominated  in  Japanese  Yen.  Foreign  exchange  exposures  arising  from the
Company's yen denominated  purchase commitments and related accounts payable are
mitigated to the extent the Company has yen denominated  current assets.  To the
extent such foreign  exchange  exposures are not  mitigated,  the Company enters
into foreign  exchange  contracts to hedge against  changes in foreign  currency
exchange  rates.  The effects of movements in currency  exchange  rates on these
instruments are recognized when the related operating  revenues and expenses are
recognized.  The  impact of  movements  in  currency  exchange  rates on foreign
exchange contracts  substantially mitigates the related impact on the underlying
items hedged.  The Company had net transaction  gains (losses) of  approximately
$412,000,  ($7,000) and ($193,000)  for the years ended December 31, 1998,  1997
and 1996, respectively. These amounts are included in interest and other income,
net, in the statement of income.

Note 3:  Line of Credit

      The Company has a credit  agreement  (the  Agreement)  with a bank,  which
expires in July 1999 and is  collateralized  by certain  assets of the  Company.
Under the  provisions  of the  Agreement,  the  Company  may  borrow up to $10.0
million on a revolving  line of credit at the bank's prime  interest rate (7.75%
at December 31, 1998). Amounts under the revolving line of credit can be applied
to the  issuance of letters of credit of up to $10.0  million.  At December  31,
1998, $1.0 million in letters of credit were outstanding. In addition, under the
Agreement,  the Company also has a $15.0 million foreign exchange  contract line
(see Note 2) under which the Company may enter into forward exchange  contracts.
No amounts were  outstanding  under the revolving  line of credit portion of the
Agreement,  and $4.3 million was outstanding under the foreign exchange contract
portion of the line at December 31, 1998. The Agreement  contains covenants that
require  the  Company to  maintain  certain  financial  ratios and levels of net
worth.  The  agreement  also does not permit the  payment of cash  dividends  to
stockholders.  As of December 31, 1998,  the Company was in compliance  with the
covenants.  Based on available collateral and outstanding letters of credit, the
amount available under the Agreement at
December 31, 1998 was approximately $9.0 million.

Note 4:  Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

    The Company leases its headquarters and sales offices under operating leases
that expire at various dates through 2001.  Future  minimum lease payments under
operating leases at December 31, 1998 are as follows:


                                       48
<PAGE>


Year Ending December 31, 
(in thousands)
1999                   $ 1,968
2000                     1,733
2001                       978
2002                         -
2003                         -
Thereafter                   -
                       -------
Total                  $ 4,679
                       =======


Rental  expense  under all operating  leases was $1.7 million,  $1.3 million and
$1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively.

Contingencies

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  mask work  protection,
trademarks,  copyright  and trade secret laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and
licensing arrangements to protect its intellectual property rights. There can be
no  assurance  that  there  will not be any  disputes  regarding  the  Company's
intellectual property rights.  Specifically,  there can be no assurance that any
patents held by the Company will not be invalidated, that patents will be issued
for any of the Company's  pending  applications  or that any claims allowed from
existing or pending patents will be of sufficient scope or strength or be issued
in the primary  countries  where the  Company's  products can be sold to provide
meaningful protection or any commercial advantage to the Company.
Additionally,  competitors  of the  Company  may be able to  design  around  the
Company's patents.

    To preserve its intellectual property rights, the Company believes it may be
necessary to initiate  litigation with one or more third parties,  including but
not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent  infringement.
In  addition,  one or more of these  parties may bring suit against the Company.
Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant, would likely result in
significant  expense to the  Company  and divert  the  efforts of the  Company's
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is ultimately
determined in favor of the Company.

         In March 1998,  the Company  filed a complaint in federal court against
Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar") for infringement of a fundamental  flashdisk patent.
Lexar has disputed the Company's claim of patent infringement, claimed SanDisk's
patent is invalid or unenforceable and asserted various counterclaims  including
unfair  competition,  violation of the Lanham Act,  patent misuse,  interference
with prospective  economic  advantage,  trade defamation and fraud.  SanDisk has
denied each of Lexar's counterclaims.

          In July 1998, the federal  district  court denied  Lexar's  request to
have the case dismissed on the grounds the Company failed to perform an adequate
prefiling  investigation.  Discovery in the Lexar suit commenced in August 1998.
The claims construction phase commenced in February 1999. The Company intends to
vigorously enforce its patents, but there can be no assurance that these efforts
will be successful.

     In the event of an adverse result in any such litigation, the Company could
be required to pay substantial damages,  cease the manufacture,  use and sale of
infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop  non-infringing
technology or obtain licenses to the infringing  technology,  or discontinue the
use of certain processes.

    In October 1995, Samsung  Electronics Company Ltd. filed a complaint against
the Company in the  Northern  District  of  California  accusing  the Company of
infringing two Samsung patents,  seeking declaratory relief with respect to five
Company  patents and  alleging  unspecified  damages for certain  other  related
claims.  On January 11, 1996, the Company filed a complaint against Samsung with
the United States  International  Trade Commission alleging that Samsung and its
U.S. sales arm, were importing and selling products that infringe two of the

                                       49
<PAGE>


Company's  patents.  On February 26, 1997, the Administrative Law Judge assigned
to the case issued an Initial  Determination  finding both SanDisk patents valid
and infringed  and further  finding a violation of Section 337 of the Trade Act.
On June 2, 1997, the Commission issued a limited exclusion order prohibiting the
unlicensed entry of infringing  flash memory circuits,  and carriers and circuit
boards  containing  such  circuits,  that are  manufactured  by or on  behalf of
Samsung.  On August 14, 1997, in connection  with the settlement of all disputes
between  them,  the  Company  and  Samsung  announced  the  signing  of a patent
cross-license  agreement for flash memory related patents.  Under the agreement,
the Company and Samsung have  licensed each others  patents  covering the design
and manufacture of flash memory products.

    From time to time the Company  agrees to indemnify  certain of its suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies  but  may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses, including attorneys fees. The Company may from time to time be engaged
in  litigation  as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.  Third  party
claims for patent  infringement  are excluded from coverage  under the Company's
insurance  policies.  There can be no assurance  that any future  obligation  to
indemnify the Company's customers or suppliers, will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

    Litigation  frequently  involves  substantial  expenditures  and can require
significant  management  attention,  even if the Company ultimately prevails. In
addition,  the  results of any  litigation  matters  are  inherently  uncertain.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any
future  litigation,  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Item 1: Business -
Factors  That  May  Affect  Future  Results  - Risks  Associated  with  Patents,
Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

NOTE 5:  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Stock Benefit Plan

    The 1989 Stock Benefit Plan, in effect  through  August 1995,  comprised two
separate programs,  the Stock Issuance Program and the Option Grant Program. The
Stock Issuance Program allowed eligible  individuals to immediately purchase the
Company's  common stock at a fair value as determined by the Board of Directors.
Such shares may be fully vested when issued or may vest over time as  determined
by the Board of Directors.  Under the Option Grant Program, eligible individuals
were granted options to purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at a fair
value,  as determined  by the Board of Directors,  of such shares on the date of
grant.  The options  generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later
than ten years from the date of grant. Unexercised options are canceled upon the
termination of employment or services. Options that are canceled under this plan
will be available for future grants under the 1995 Stock Option Plan. There were
no shares available for option grants under this plan at December 31, 1998.

     The 1995 Stock Option Plan  provides  for the  issuance of incentive  stock
options  and  nonqualified  stock  options.  Under this plan,  the  vesting  and
exercise  provisions of option grants are  determined by the Board of Directors.
The options generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later than ten
years from the date of grant.

1995 Non-employee Directors Stock Option Plan

    In August 1995, the Company  adopted the 1995  Non-employee  Directors Stock
Option Plan (the Directors' Plan). The Company reserved 200,000 shares of common
stock for issuance thereunder. Under this plan, automatic option grants are made
at  periodic  intervals  to  eligible  non-employee  members  of  the  Board  of
Directors. Initial option grants vest over a four-year period. Subsequent annual
grants  vest one year  after  date of  grant.  All  options  granted  under  the
Non-employee  Directors  Stock  Option  Plan  expire ten years after the date of
grant.  At December  31,  1998,  a total of 136,000  options had been granted at
exercise prices ranging from $9.50 to $20.875 per share.


                                       50
<PAGE>


    On  July  17,   1998,   the   Board  of   Directors   approved   an   option
cancellation/regrant  program. Under the cancellation/regrant program, employees
could elect to exchange  their stock options with  exercise  prices in excess of
$12.00 per share for new options priced at $10.00 per share, the market price of
the Company's common stock on the date of implementation, August 21, 1998. Under
the new options, shares become exercisable six to twelve months later than under
the old higher-priced  options. The new options have a maximum term of ten years
from the August 21, 1998, grant date. Officers and directors of the Company were
not  eligible  for  participation  in the option  cancellation/regrant  program.
Options  covering a total of  approximately  903,423  shares were  canceled  and
regranted in connection with the program. The number of options shown as granted
and canceled in the table below reflect this  exchange of options.  Such options
had a weighted average  exercise price before repricing of $20.661,  and the new
options were granted at an exercise price of $10.00.


    A summary of activity under all stock option plans follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                               Total
                                            Available                             Weighted
                                           for Future             Total            Average
                                      Grant/ Issuance       Outstanding     Exercise Price
                                      ----------------    --------------    --------------
                                                        (Shares in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>                  <C>              <C>           
   Balance at December 31, 1995                  1,176             2,458             $2.67
     Granted                                      (922)              922            $12.35
     Exercised                                       -              (168)            $0.57
     Canceled                                       68               (68)            $8.46
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1996                    322             3,144             $5.49
     Increase in authorized shares               2,550                 -    
     Granted                                      (912)              912            $20.59
     Exercised                                       -              (358)            $1.63
     Canceled                                      145              (145)            $9.83
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1997                  2,105             3,553             $9.58
                                      ----------------    --------------
     Granted                                    (2,222)            2,222            $11.94
     Exercised                                       -              (630)            $1.48
     Canceled                                    1,019            (1,019)           $20.08
                                      ----------------    --------------
   Balance at December 31, 1998                    902              4,126            $9.50
                                      ================     ==============
</TABLE>


    At December 31, 1998, options outstanding were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        Options Outstanding                              Options Exercisable
                       ------------------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------
                                  Number           Weighted                                Number
                             Outstanding            Average          Weighted         Exercisable        Weighted
Range of                           as of          Remaining           Average               as of         Average
Excercise Prices       December 31, 1998   Contractual Life    Exercise Price   December 31, 1998  Exercise Price
- -----------------      -----------------   ----------------    --------------   -----------------  --------------
<S>                    <C>                 <C>                 <C>              <C>                <C>                
$ 0.15 - $ 4.50                  648,626               5.45           $1.4472             648,626         $1.4472
$ 6.56 - $ 9.50                  707,049               7.30           $7.0006             564,384         $6.8299
$10.00 - $11.63                1,075,555               9.39          $10.1734             116,269        $10.7072
$12.00 - $14.63                1,512,922               9.10          $12.3693             339,935        $12.1688
$17.25 - $21.88                  181,975               9.02          $19.9861              58,281        $20.1208
- -----------------      -----------------   ----------------    --------------   -----------------  --------------
$ 0.15 - $21.88                4,126,127               8.29           $9.4959           1,727,495         $6.5688
</TABLE>




                                       51
<PAGE>


Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    In August 1995,  the Company  adopted the Employee  Stock Purchase Plan (the
Purchase  Plan).  The Company has  reserved  883,333  shares of common stock for
issuance  thereunder.  Under the Purchase Plan, qualified employees are entitled
to purchase shares through payroll deductions at 85% of the fair market value at
the beginning or end of the offering period,  whichever is lower. As of December
31, 1998, shares issued under the Purchase Plan totaled 347,889.

    In April 1997,  the  stockholders  (i)  increased  the shares  available for
future  issuance  under the 1995 Stock  Benefit Plan by 2,500,000  shares,  (ii)
increased the shares  available for future issuance under the 1995  Non-Employee
Directors Stock Option Plan by 50,000 and (iii)  increased the shares  available
for future issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan by 450,000.

Accounting for Stock Based Compensation

    The  Company has  elected to follow APB 25 and  related  interpretations  in
accounting  for its employee  stock options  because,  as discussed  below,  the
alternative  fair value  accounting  provided for under SFAS 123 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," requires use of option valuation models that were not
developed for use in valuing  employee stock options.  Under APB 25, because the
exercise  price of the Company's  stock  options  equals the market price of the
underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized.

    Pro  forma  information  regarding  net  income  and  earnings  per share is
required by SFAS 123, which also requires that the  information be determined as
if the Company has accounted for its employee stock options  granted  subsequent
to December  31,  1994 under the fair value  method of this  Statement.  For all
grants  subsequent to December 31, 1994 that were granted prior to the Company's
initial  public  offering in November  1995, the fair value of these options was
determined  using the minimum  value  method with a weighted  average  risk free
interest rate of 6.32% and an expected  life of 5 years.  The fair value for the
options granted  subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in November
1995 was  estimated  at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  single  option
pricing  model  with  the  following  weighted  average  assumptions:  risk-free
interest  rates  of  4.84%,   6.24%,   and  6.23%  for  1998,  1997,  and  1996,
respectively;  a dividend  yield of 0.0%,  a  volatility  factor of the expected
market price of the Company's  common stock of 0.60,  0.655, and 0.588 for 1998,
1997, and 1996, respectively; and a weighted-average expected life of the option
of 5 years. The weighted average fair value of those options granted were $6.65,
$12.45, and $6.98 for 1998, 1997, and 1996, respectively.

    The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded  options  which have no  vesting  restrictions  and are
fully  transferable.  In  addition,  option  models  require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including the expected stock price volatility.  Because
the  Company's  employee  stock  options  have   characteristics   significantly
different from those of traded  options,  and because  changes in the subjective
assumptions  can  materially  affect the fair value  estimate,  in  management's
opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a  reliable  single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

    Under the 1995 Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, the Company is authorized to
issue up to 883,333 shares of common stock to participating employees. Under the
terms of the Plan,  employees  can choose to have up to 10% of their annual base
earnings  withheld to purchase the Company's common stock. The purchase price of
the stock is 85% of the lower of the subscription date fair market value and the
purchase date fair market value.  Approximately  65% of eligible  employees have
participated in the plan in 1998 and 75% and 86% in 1997 and 1996, respectively.
Under the Plan, the Company sold 129,742; 125,797 and 92,350 shares to employees
in  1998,  1997  and  1996,  respectively.   Pursuant  to  APB  25  and  related
interpretations,  the Company does not  recognize  compensation  cost related to
employee  purchase rights under the Plan. To comply with the pro forma reporting
requirements of SFAS 123,  compensation  cost is estimated for the fair value of
the employees'  purchase rights using the Black-Scholes model with the following
assumptions for those rights granted in 1998, 1997, and 1996:  dividend yield of
0.0%; and expected life of 6 months;  expected volatility factor of .65 and 1.02
in 1998, 0.63 and 0.89 in 1997, and 0.588 in 1996; and a risk free interest rate
ranging from 5.36% to 6.08%. The weighted average fair value of those purchase

                                       52
<PAGE>


rights  granted in February  1996,  August  1996,  February  1997,  August 1997,
February 1998 and August 1998 were $2.47,  $2.52,  $3.42, $4.69, $7.00 and $4.50
respectively.

    Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based  compensation plans been
determined  based on the fair value at the grant  dates for awards  under  those
plans  consistent  with the  method of SFAS 123,  the  Company's  net income and
earnings  per share would have been reduced to the pro forma  amounts  indicated
below:

                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                1998        1997        1996
                                           (in thousands, except per share
                                                      amounts)

Pro forma net income                         $ 5,178    $ 17,156    $ 13,553

Pro forma net income per share
     Basic                                    $ 0.20      $ 0.75      $ 0.61
     Diluted                                  $ 0.19      $ 0.69      $ 0.56


    Because  SFAS  123 is  applicable  only to  options  granted  subsequent  to
December 31, 1994, its pro forma effect will not be fully reflected until 1999.


Shareholder Rights Plan

    On April 21, 1997, the Company adopted a shareholder rights plan (the Rights
Agreement). Under the Rights Agreement, rights were distributed as a dividend at
the rate of one right  for each  share of common  stock of the  Company  held by
stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 1997. The rights
will  expire on April 28, 2007 unless  redeemed or  exchanged.  Under the Rights
Agreement,  each right will initially  entitle the registered  holder to buy one
one-hundredth  of a share of Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred Stock for
$65.00. The rights will become exercisable only if a person or group (other than
Seagate Technology, Inc., which is permitted to maintain its 25 percent stake in
the  Company)  acquires  beneficial  ownership  of 15  percent  or  more  of the
Company's  common  stock or  commences  a tender  offer or  exchange  offer upon
consummation of which such person or group would  beneficially own 15 percent or
more of the Company's common stock.


Warrants

    The Company has periodically granted warrants in connection with the sale of
its stock and certain lease and bank  agreements.  The Company has the following
warrants outstanding to purchase capital stock at December 31, 1998:

      Issuance      Capital    Number of    Price Per    Expiration
        Date         Stock      Shares        Share         Date
  ---------------- --------- ------------ ------------ ------------------

  May 1990         Common         12,094      $6.615   November 2000
  June 1991        Common          6,666      $6.615   November 2000
  November 1991    Common         13,363      $6.615   November 2000

    During 1998, the Company issued 3,010 shares of common stock for no proceeds
in the net  issuance  of shares  upon the  exercise  of 3,788  warrants  with an
exercise price of $3.30 per share.


                                       53
<PAGE>


Note 6:  Retirement Plan

    Effective January 1, 1992, the Company adopted a tax-deferred  savings plan,
the SanDisk  401(k) Plan,  for the benefit of qualified  employees.  The plan is
designed  to provide  employees  with an  accumulation  of funds at  retirement.
Qualified  employees  may elect to make  contributions  to the plan on a monthly
basis.  The Company may make annual  contributions to the plan at the discretion
of the Board of  Directors.  No  contributions  were made by the Company for the
years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996.


Note 7:  Income Taxes

    The provision for income taxes consists of the following:


                                             December 31,
                                     1998        1997       1996
                                            (in thousands)
Current:
      Federal                         $ 1,413    $12,131     $ 1,701
      State                               651      2,662          42
      Foreign                           2,936      5,263         397
                                      -------    -------     -------
                                        5,000     20,056       2,140
Deferred:
      Federal                           1,305    (13,205)     (1,000)
      State                               350     (3,350)        -
                                      -------    --------    -------
                                        1,655    (16,555)     (1,000)

Provision for income taxes            $ 6,655    $ 3,501     $ 1,140
                                      =======    =======     =======


    The tax benefits  associated  with stock  options  reduces  taxes  currently
payable as shown above by $1,761,000,  $2,498,000 and $61,000 in 1998,  1997 and
1996, respectively.  Such benefits are credited to capital in excess of par when
realized.

    The Company's provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by
applying the federal statutory rates to income before taxes as follows:

                                                  December 31,
                                          1998       1997        1996
                                        ------     ------      ------
Tax at U.S. statutory rate               35.0%      35.0%       35.0%
State taxes, net of federal benefit       3.5       (1.9)         -
Operating losses utilized                  -          -        (17.4)
Research credit                          (1.9)      (3.8)       (5.6)
Valuation allowance                        -       (14.9)       (8.0)
Foreign taxes in excess of U.S. rate       -         0.4         2.1
Other individually immaterial items       5.5        0.2         1.2
Tax exempt interest income               (6.1)        -           -
                                        ------     ------     -------
                                         36.0%      15.0%        7.3%
                                        ======     ======     =======


                                       54
<PAGE>


    Deferred  income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes.  Significant components of
the  Company's  deferred  tax  assets as of  December  31,  1998 and 1997 are as
follows:

                                                 December 31,
                                               1998         1997
                                            -------      -------
                                               (In thousands)
     Deferred tax assets:
         Inventory reserves                 $ 2,700      $ 3,338
         Deferred revenue                    10,300        9,913
         Accruals and reserves                2,900        3,970
         Other                                    -          334
                                            -------      -------
           Total deferred tax assets        $15,900      $17,555
                                            =======      =======


Note 8:  Related Party Transactions

    In January 1993, the Company entered into a joint cooperation agreement with
a  stockholder.  Under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  the  stockholder  had a
nonexclusive  right to distribute flash memory products produced by the Company.
There were no revenues  attributable  to this agreement in 1998,  1997 and 1996.
The agreement was terminated by consent of both parties in 1998.

    The  Company  has  invested  $51.2  million  in  United  Silicon,   Inc.,  a
semiconductor manufacturing subsidiary of United Microelectronics Corporation in
Taiwan.  The transaction  gives the Company an equity stake of approximately 10%
in the facility (which is accounted for on the cost basis) and guarantees access
to  approximately  12.5% of the wafer  output from the  facility.  In 1998,  the
Company purchased wafers from USIC totaling approximately $11.6 million.

Note 9:  Segment Information

    The  Company  adopted  SFAS  No.  131,  Disclosures  about  Segments  of  an
Enterprise and Related Information, in fiscal 1998. SFAS No. 131 supersedes SFAS
No.  14,  Financial   Reporting  for  Segments  of  a  Business  Enterprise  and
establishes  standards  for  reporting  information  about  operating  segments.
Operating  segments  are  defined as  components  of an  enterprise  about which
separate financial  information is available that is evaluated  regularly by the
chief operating  decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources
and in assessing performance.

    The Company  operates in one  segment,  flash memory  products.  The Company
markets its products in the United States and in foreign  countries  through its
sales personnel,  dealers,  distributors,  retailers and its  subsidiaries.  The
Chief  Executive  Officer has been  identified as the Chief  Operating  Decision
Maker ("CODM") because he has final authority over resource allocation decisions
and  performance  assessment.  The CODM  does  not  receive  discrete  financial
information about individual components of the market.

Geographic Information:  Information regarding geographic areas for the years
ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996 are as follows:


                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                                    (In thousands)
       Revenues:                             1998          1997         1996
                                         --------      --------      -------
            United States                $ 60,113      $ 53,820      $43,999
            Japan                          46,276        51,677       43,947
            Europe                          9,810        10,774        5,339
            Other foreign countries        19,562         8,982        4,314
                                         --------      --------      -------
       Total                             $135,761      $125,253      $97,599
                                         ========      ========      =======


                                       55
<PAGE>



       Long Lived Assets:                    1998          1997         1996
                                         --------      --------      -------
            United States                $ 16,779      $ 15,422      $ 9,932
            Japan                             445           246          130
            Europe                              9             3            2
            Other foreign countries        51,517        40,505          221
                                         --------      --------      -------
       Total                             $ 68,750      $ 56,176      $10,285
                                         ========      ========      =======

Revenues are  attributed  to countries  based on the location of the  customers.
Long lived assets in other foreign countries  includes the investment in USIC of
$51.2 million in 1998 and $40.3 million in 1997.

Major Customers

    In 1998, revenues from one customer represented  approximately $14.0 million
of  consolidated  revenues.  In 1997,  there were no customers who accounted for
more than 10% of total revenue. In 1996, revenues from one customer  represented
approximately $25.1 million of consolidated revenues.

Note 10: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

    As of January 1, 1998,  the Company  adopted  Statement  No. 130,  Reporting
Comprehensive Income.  Statement 130 establishes new rules for the reporting and
display of  comprehensive  income and its components;  however,  the adoption of
this  Statement  had no  impact on the  Company's  net  income or  shareholders'
equity.  Statement  130  requires  unrealized  gains or losses on the  Company's
available-for-sale  securities, which prior to adoption were reported separately
in  shareholders'   equity,  to  be  included  in  other  comprehensive  income.
Comprehensive  income  consists  of net income and other  comprehensive  income.
Prior  year  financial  statements  have been  reclassified  to  conform  to the
requirements of Statement 130.

    Accumulated other comprehensive income presented in the accompanying balance
sheet   consists   of  the   accumulated   unrealized   gains   and   loses   on
available-for-sale  marketable  securities  for all periods  presented.  The tax
effects  for  other  comprehensive   income  were  immaterial  for  all  periods
presented.

                                         1998       1997    1996
                                       ------     -----     ----
                                              (in thousands)
Accumulated other comprehensive income
at beginning of year:                                    
     Unrealized gain                   $   42     $   5     $  -

Change of accumulated other 
comprehensive income during
the year
     Unrealized gain on 
     available-for-sale securities     $  429     $  37     $  5
                                       ------     -----     ----

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
at year end                            $  471     $  42     $  5
                                       ======     =====     ====



Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
        --------------------------------------------------------------- 
        Financial Disclosure
        --------------------

       Not applicable.


                                       56
<PAGE>


                                    PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the REGISTRANT
         --------------------------------------------------

    Directors.   Reference  is  made  to  the  information  regarding  directors
appearing  under  the  caption  "Election  of  Directors"  on pages 6 - 8 of the
Company's definitive Proxy Statement dated March 24, 1999 for its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement), which information is incorporated in this
Form 10-K by reference.  Information  regarding  executive officers is set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this 10-K.


Item 11. Executive Compensation
         ---------------------- 

    The  information  required  by  this  item  is set  forth  under  "Executive
Compensation  and Related  Information" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
         ----------------------------------------------- 
         and Management
         --------------

    The information required by this item is set forth under "Security Ownership
of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management" in the Company's Proxy Statement
for the  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders,  which  is  incorporated  herein  by
reference.


Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
         ----------------------------------------------

    The  information  required  by this  item is set forth  under  "Compensation
Committee  Interlocks and Insider  Participation" and "Certain  Transactions" in
the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of  Stockholders,  which is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                       57
<PAGE>



                                     PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

   (a)  Documents filed as part of this report

         1) All financial statements

          Index to Financial Statements                       Page
                                                              ----
          Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors   38
          Consolidated Balance Sheets                         39
          Consolidated Statements of Income                   40
          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity     41
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows               42
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          43-56

         2)  Financial statement schedules

          Index to Financial Statement Schedules
          Financial Statement Schedules
            II.    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts          63

All other  schedules have been omitted  because the required  information is not
present or not  present  in amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of the
schedules,  or because the information  required is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

3)       Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

     Exhibit
     Number                                        Exhibit Title
3.1   Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended to date./2/
3.2   Form  of  Amended  and  Restated   Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the
      Registrant./2/
3.3   Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended./2/
3.4   Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant /2/
3.5   Certificate of Designation for the Series A Junior Participating Preferred
      Stock, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 24, 1997./4/
4.1   Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4./2/
4.3   Amended and Restated  Registration Rights Agreement,  among the Registrant
      and the investors and founders named therein, dated March 3, 1995./2/
4.5   Series F Preferred Stock Purchase  Agreement  between Seagate  Technology,
      Inc. and the Registrant, dated January 15, 1993./2/
4.8   Rights  Agreement,  dated as of April 18,  1997,  between  the Company and
      Harris Trust and Savings Bank./4/
9.1   Amended  and  Restated  Voting  Agreement,  among the  Registrant  and the
      investors named therein, dated March 3, 1995./2/
10.10 License Agreement  between the Registrant and Dr. Eli Harari,  dated
      September  6,  1988./2/
10.13 1989 Stock  Benefit  Plan./2/  
10.14 1995 Stock Option Plan./2/ 
10.15 Employee Stock Purchase Plan./2/ 
10.16 1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock Option  Plan./2/
10.18 Lease  Agreement between the Registrant and G.F. Properties, dated 
      March 1, 1996./3/

                                       58
<PAGE>



10.21 Amendment to Lease Agreement  between the Registrant and G.F.  Properties,
      dated April 3, 1997./5/
10.23 Foundry   Venture    Agreement   between   the   Registrant   and   United
      Microelectronics Corporation, dated June 27, 1997./1, 6/
10.24 Written  Assurances Re: Foundry Venture  Agreement  between the Registrant
      and United Microelectronics Corporation, dated September 13, 1995./1, 6/
10.25 Side Letter between  Registrant and United  Microelectronics  Corporation,
      dated May 28, 1997./1, 6/
10.27 Clarification letter with regards to Foundry Venture Agreement between the
      Registrant  and United  Microelectronics  Corporation  dated  October  24,
      1997./7/
10.28 Lease Agreement between the Registrant and G.F. Properties, dated June 10,
      1998./8/
10.29 Trade  Finance   Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and  Union  Bank  of
      California, dated July 15, 1998./9/
21.1  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
23.1  Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP, Independent Auditors.
27.1  Financial  Data Schedule for the year ended  December 31, 1998.  (In EDGAR
      format only)
- ----------

1.  Confidential treatment granted as to certain portions of these exhibits.
2.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's Registration Statement on
    Form S-1 (No. 33-96298).
3.  Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  1995 Annual  Report on
    Form 10-K.
4.  Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form
    8-K/A dated April 18, 1997.
5.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter
    ended June 30, 1997.
6.  Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on form
    8-K dated October 16, 1997.
7.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter
    ended September 30, 1997.
8.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter
    ended June 30, 1998.
9.  Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter
    ended September 30, 1998.





                                       59
<PAGE>





               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
22, 1999, with respect to the consolidated  financial statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1998.



                                                  /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 24, 1999


                                       60
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


       Pursuant  to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                               SANDISK CORPORATION




                               By:     /s/ Cindy L. Burgdorf              
                                       Cindy L. Burgdorf
                                       Chief Financial Officer, 
                                       Senior Vice President, Finance and
                                       Administration and Secretary


DATED:  March 24, 1999

                                       61
<PAGE>


                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

       KNOW ALL  PEOPLE BY THESE  PRESENTS,  that each  person  whose  signature
appears  below  constitutes  and appoints Dr. Eli Harari and Cindy L.  Burgdorf,
jointly and  severally,  his or her  attorneys  in fact,  each with the power of
substitution,  for him or her in any and all capacities,  to sign any amendments
to this Report on Form 10-K,  and to file the same,  with  exhibits  thereto and
other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys in
fact,  or his or her  substitute or  substitutes,  may do or cause to be done by
virtue thereof.

       Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended,  this Report has been signed below by the  following  persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

          Signature                       Title                Date


By:  /s/ Dr. Eli Harari                 President,          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------       Chief Executive Officer
     (Dr. Eli Harari)                   and Director



By:  /s/ Irwin Federman             Chairman of the Board   March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (Irwin Federman)



By:  /s/ Cindy L. Burgdorf        Chief Financial Officer,  March 24, 1999
   -------------------------      Senior Vice President, 
     (Cindy L. Burgdorf)       Finance and Administration
                                     and Secretary             
                                 (Principal Financial and
                                    Accounting Officer)

By:  /s/ William V. Campbell              Director          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (William V. Campbell)


By:  /s/ Catherine P. Lego                Director          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (Catherine P. Lego)


By:  /s/ Dr. James D. Meindl              Director          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (Dr. James D. Meindl)


By:  /s/ Thomas F. Mulvaney               Director          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (Thomas F. Mulvaney)


By:  /s/ Alan F. Shugart                  Director          March 24, 1999
   -------------------------
     (Alan F. Shugart)






                                       62
<PAGE>


                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (In thousands)



                                               Additions
                                   Balance at  Charged to              Balance
                                   Beginning   Costs and       *       at End
          Description              of Period   Expenses    Deductions  of Period
- ---------------------------------  ---------   ---------   ----------  ---------
 Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Year ended December 31, 1996      $    593    $      -    $      -    $    593
  Year ended December 31, 1997      $    593    $    204    $     41    $    756
  Year ended December 31, 1998      $    756    $    345    $     32    $  1,069

 *Write offs








<PAGE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>


Mission Statement

To be the Global Leader in Flash Data Storage

<PAGE>
Corporate Profile

SanDisk Corporation designs, manufactures and markets flash memory products that
store data,  digital  images and digital  audio in a rapidly  growing  number of
consumer electronics, telecommunications  and electronic commerce  applications.
These flash memory products include removable CompactFlash(TM), MultiMediaCards,
FlashDisk PC cards and embedded  FlashDrive  and Flash ChipSet  devices.  Today,
CompactFlash cards serve as the digital film in more than 70 ditigal cameras and
are replacing tape in digital audio recorders.  CompactFlash and MultiMediaCards
store data in moblie phones and numerous  handheld PCs. SanDisk  FlashDrives are
replacing   magnetic   disk   drives  in   industrial   and   telecommunications
applications,  while Flash ChipSets store data across a wide range of electronic
systems.  SanDisk's  market  leadership  position  is  based on its  ability  to
consitently produce  state-of-art,  low cost, highly reliable flash technology,
based on its leading edge memory and conroller designs and advanced system-level
integration, packaginig and low-cost system test.

<PAGE>
Corporate Milestones

- -     Flash memory megabytes shipped increased 124% compared to 1997.

- -     SanDisk expanded the number of retail outlets carrying its products.  More
      than 7,000 stores now carry SanDisk brand  products in the United  States,
      Japan and Europe.

- -     SanDisk began volume production of flash wafers with its foundry partners,
      USIC and USC in Taiwan.

- -     SanDisk  introduced high capacity  CompactFlash cards (96 megabytes in the
      Type I form  factor)  and the world's  first flash  memory card in the new
      CompactFlash Type II form factor (160 megabytes).

- -     SanDisk introduced ImageMate  CompactFlash readers (parallel port and USB)
      for quick and easy  transport  of images from  digital  cameras to PCs and
      printers.

- -     Canon and Lexmark  introduced the world's first printers that directly use
      CompactFlash cards.

- -     The  MultiMediaCard  Association  was  founded  by  SanDisk  and 13  other
      companies. Membership grew to 40 in 1998.

- -     Nokia  introduced  the  world's  first  mobile  smart  phone that uses the
      MultiMediaCard.

- -     Pontis  introduced  the world's first  MultiMediaCard  based  portable MP3
      music player.

- -     SanDisk introduced and shipped the first 2.5" and 3.5" FlashDrives.

- -     SanDisk introduced its 256Mbit (32 megabyte) Flash ChipSet.



<PAGE>

Financial Highlights

(bar graphs w/ the following data)

                             1994       1995        1996        1997       1998 
                                  (in thousands)
Revenues                  $35,378    $62,839     $97,599    $125,253   $135,761

Working Capital           $20,971    $68,002     $77,029    $134,298   $138,471

Operating Income (Loss)   ($4,781)    $7,777     $12,474    $ 19,680   $ 12,810

Net Income (Loss)         ($4,287)    $9,065     $14,485    $ 19,839   $ 11,836

<PAGE>



To Our Stockholders:

      Fiscal  1998  can be  characterized  as a year  of  growth  and  increased
competition.  During  the year,  SanDisk  experienced  tremendous  growth in the
number of megabytes  shipped.  In  addition,  markets for our  CompactFlash  and
MultiMediaCard  products expanded with numerous design wins and the introduction
of new and exciting  products  that  utilize our flash  solutions to store data,
audio or images.  Product revenues were down slightly from the previous year due
to intense  competition and rapidly  declining  average selling prices.  Despite
these market  conditions,  the severe  recession in Japan and the Far East,  and
lower than anticipated product gross margins,  SanDisk made great strides and is
coming out of 1998 a stronger player and market leader.
        
      In 1998,  SanDisk recorded its fourth  consecutive year of  profitability,
with total  revenues  of $135.8  million and  profits of $11.8  million.  In the
second half of 1998,  and in  particular  in Q498, we began to see a significant
improvement in our business, and our investment in the digital film market began
to pay off.  During the year,  SanDisk  shipped 25  million  megabytes  of flash
memory, more than double the amount shipped in the previous year.

      In fiscal 1998,  SanDisk  strengthened its market leadership  position and
established important beachheads in new and exciting markets.  SanDisk's biggest
marketing and sales success in 1998 was  establishing  a strong  presence in the
retail  channel under the SanDisk  brand name.  In less than 18 months,  we went
from zero stores to more than 7,000 stores  worldwide  selling  SanDisk  branded
cards. Very importantly, we did so without alienating our major OEM customers or
existing  distribution  channels.  We were helped by  SanDisk's  reputation  for
quality,  on-time  volume  delivery  and product  breadth.  We were also able to
capitalize on our standing as the inventor of CompactFlash.

      Another  crucial  marketing  achievement  for  SanDisk  was our success in
establishing CompactFlash as the standard film media for digital cameras. During
the year, we saw many new camera models  introduced  using  CompactFlash  as the
digital film. At year-end,  we had 62 cameras and more than 130 total  announced
design wins for  CompactFlash,  and the momentum is building for CompactFlash in
numerous new applications.

      Our MultiMediaCard, jointly developed with Siemens, blossomed in 1998 into
a real  product  family,  and has been  adopted  by Nokia,  Ericsson,  Motorola,
QualComm  and  others as the  standard  storage  card for future  digital  smart
phones.

      Numerous new applications  have emerged for the  MultiMediaCard,  which we
believe will accelerate its adoption as a high volume consumer product. One such
application is the emerging digital audio market  including  Internet MP3 music,
which we feel will spawn a host of new digital  portable  music players with our
MultiMediaCard as the music recording media.  Although this market currently has
copyright  protection  issues,  most market observers believe that these will be
resolved to the satisfaction of the content providers because this new market is
beginning  to catch on with  Internet  users.  MP3 or AAC  compression  requires
approximately  60MB to store the  content of a 1 hour CD,  and this  requirement
plays to SanDisk's strength in low cost, small form factor,  high capacity flash
storage products.  We are working closely with several of the market leaders and
our goal is to become a leading  player in this  exciting  new  opportunity  for
flash storage.

      The new wave of digital  camcorders  provides  another  potentially  large
market for our MultiMediaCard  and CompactFlash  cards. These digital camcorders
allow  users to capture  digital  still  images on a low  capacity  flash  card.
Panasonic and JVC are expected to start volume  production of the first of these
new camcorder models in the first half of 1999.

      Another  important  market segment for SanDisk is  telecommunications  and
network  infrastructure,  served by companies such as Lucent,  Cisco and Nortel.
During  1998,  our  efforts  in this  market  began to pay off with a number  of
important  design wins.  These  customers have  determined that one of the least
reliable  components in their remote  environment is the mechanical  disk drive.
With the rapid decline in our flash memory cost,  SanDisk is now able to offer a
cost effective,  highly  reliable,  solid state plug and play  replacement  that
meets the price threshold of these customers.  We believe this business plays to
our  strengths in high  capacity,  highly  reliable  flash  storage,  and should
provide growth opportunities in the years ahead.

      In  Operations  and  Technology,  the most  important  accomplishment  for
SanDisk in 1998 was transferring  our flash  technology and establishing  volume
production  at  both  United   Semiconductor   Corporation  and  United  Silicon
Incorporated,  our foundry  partners in Taiwan.  This move allowed us to quickly
transition from 32Mbit to 64Mbit  technologies for all SanDisk products,  and to
establish a highly  competitive  manufacturing  source.  We also made  excellent
progress in developing the 128Mbit and 256Mbit flash designs,  which will become
critically  important to  leadership  products and lower flash costs in 1999 and
2000  respectively.  Operations  reduced  inventories by 43% from the prior year
while improving deliveries to customer requests on significantly higher volumes.
Our highest  priority during 1999 will be making SanDisk the industry's  highest
volume, most customer responsive flash card
supplier.

      Competition  is expected to remain fierce as growth in our target  markets
attracts large technology investments from competitors. The key to retaining our
market  leadership  position is continued  execution of our advanced  technology
development roadmap and continued excellence in high volume manufacturing of our
flash storage products.

      As we look forward to 1999, we are  optimistic  that new products based on
the 128Mbit and 256Mbit flash will spur growth in product  revenues and improved
gross margins. Growth will come from an ever more pervasive customer base in all
our major markets.  According to major independent  market reports,  SanDisk has
several major mega market  opportunities  ahead of it in 1999 and beyond.  These
new markets are  beginning  to respond  elastically  to the much more  favorable
pricing for flash cards established over the past several quarters.

      I believe  SanDisk is well  positioned  to be the global  leader for flash
data storage as our target  markets enter an  accelerated  growth phase on their
way to becoming mega markets.

We appreciate your continued support of our strategy.



/s/ Eli Harari
Eli Harari
President and Chief Executive Officer
<PAGE>

    SanDisk Sales Offices 


    SanDisk Corporate Headquarters
    140 Caspian Court
    Sunnyvale, CA  94089
    Tel: 408-542-0500
    Fax: 408-542-0503
    http://www.sandisk.com

    SanDisk Sales Offices

    Northwestern Region USA
    140 Caspian Court
    Sunnyvale, CA  94089
    Tel: 408-542-0730
    Fax:  408-542-0403

    Western Region
    8 Corporate Park, Suite 300
    Irvine, CA  92606
    Tel:     949-442-8370
    Fax:     949-442-8371

    Central Region
    One MetroPlace
    MetroPlace South, Suite 100
    Dublin, OH  43017
    Tel:     614-760-3700
    Fax:     614-760-3701

    Mid-Atlantic Region
    620 Herndon Pkwy, Ste. 200
    Herndon, VA 22070
    Tel:     703-481-9828
    Fax:     703-437-9215


    New England & Canada
    175 N. Main Street
    Branford, CT  06405
    Tel:    203-483-4390
    Fax:   203-483-4399

    Southern & Latin America
    101 Southhall Ln, Suite 400
    Maitland, FL 32751
    Tel:     407-667-4880
    Fax:     407-667-4834

    European Sales
    Karlsruher Str. 2C
    D-30519 Hannover
    Germany
    Tel:  49-511-875-9185
    Fax: 49-511-875-9187

    4, rue de l'abreuvoir
    92415 Courbevoie Cedex
    France
    Tel:  33-1-4717-6510
    Fax:  33-1-4717-6531

    Japan
    8F Nisso Bldg. 15
    2-17-19 Shin-Yokohama
    Kohoku-ku
    Yokohama 222-0033
    Japan
    Tel:     81-45-474-0181
    Fax:     81-45-474-0371


    Asia/Pacific Rim
    89 Queensway, Lippo Center
    Tower II, Suite 2207-9
    Admiralty
    Hong Kong
    Tel:     852-2712-0501
    Fax:     852-2712-9385



    US Retail Sales

    21842 Las Nubes Dr.
    Prabuco Canyon, CA  92679
    Tel:       949-589-8351
    Fax:      949-589-8364

    32555 Mills Rd.
    Avon, OH  44011
    Tel:       440-327-0490
    Fax:      440-327-0295

    European Retail Sales
    9 Prinsengracht
    1015 DF Amsterdam
    The Netherlands
    Tel:  31-20-4289740
    Fax:  31-20-4289743

    Japan Retail Sales
    Umeda-Shinmichi Bldg. 10F
    1-1-5 Dojima, Kita-ku, Osaka  530-0003
    Tel: 81-6-6343-6480
    Fax: 81-6-6343-6481






<PAGE>

CORPORATE INFORMATION


REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois


INDEPENDENT PUBLIC AUDITORS
Ernst & Young LLP, San Jose, California


INVESTOR/SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS
Cindy Burgdorf, Chief Financial Officer,
Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration
Sharon Spehar, Shareholder Relations


LEGAL COUNSEL
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Palo Alto, California


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
William V. Campbell(2)
Intuit, President and Chief Executive Officer

Irwin Federman(1) 
Chairman of the Board, U.S. Venture Partners, General Partner

Dr. Eli Harari
SanDisk Corporation, President and Chief Executive Officer

Catherine P. Lego(1)
Lego Ventures

Dr. James D. Meindl
Georgia Institute of Technology

Thomas F. Mulvaney(1)
Seagate Technology, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Alan F. Shugart(2)
Al Shugart International, President and Chief Executive Officer

(1)Audit Committee
(2)Compensation Committee


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Daniel Auclair 
Senior Vice President, Business Development 
and Intellectual Property

Cindy Burgdorf 
Chief Financial Officer,
Senior Vice President, 
Finance and Administration and Secretary

Dr. Eli Harari, President
and Chief Executive Officer

Ralph Hudson 
Senior Vice President, Operations

Leon Malmed 
Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales

Jocelyn Scarborough
Vice President, Human Resources






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SANDISK SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>



                   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT



                           1) SanDisk KK

                           2) SanDisk GMBH

                           3) SanDisk Israel

                           4) SanDisk Hong Kong

                           5) SanDisk International Sales, Inc.

                           6) SanDisk Foreign Sales Corporation


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
<TEXT>






               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
22, 1999, with respect to the consolidated  financial statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1998.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 24, 1999

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>1997 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
     SanDisk Financial Data Schedule, December 31, 1998
</LEGEND>
<CIK>                         0001000180
<NAME>                                         SanDisk Corporation
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000
       
<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              Dec-31-1998
<PERIOD-END>                                   Dec-31-1998
<CASH>                                         15,384
<SECURITIES>                                   119,074
<RECEIVABLES>                                  21,469
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,069
<INVENTORY>                                    8,922
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               186,374
<PP&E>                                         36,714
<DEPRECIATION>                                 19,172
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 255,741
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          47,903
<BONDS>                                        0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       186,120
<OTHER-SE>                                     21,718
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   255,741
<SALES>                                        103,190
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               135,761
<CGS>                                          80,311
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               42,640
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                18,491
<INCOME-TAX>                                   6,655
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            11,836
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   11,836
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                  0.45
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.43
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
