-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Ir84lH1IGb+sLj58N3mbPDdiZpper3i2gkSY2rDD/yb3s5rooff14KeTJkvZHu6p
 xXP2kZ0QwWjuDDUTcovzbA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001000180-98-000001.txt : 19980324
<SEC-HEADER>0001000180-98-000001.hdr.sgml : 19980324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000180-98-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19971231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19980323
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
		FILM NUMBER:		98570738

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1997 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>



                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

     X     Annual  report  pursuant  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
- ---------- Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 or

           Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
- ---------- Act of 1934

Commission File No. 0-26734

                               SANDISK CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Delaware                                     77-0191793
      (State or other jurisdiction of                       (IRS Employer
      incorporation or organization)                      Identification No.)

 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California                        94089
  (Address of principal executive office)                     (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 542-0500

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                 Name of each exchange
              Title of each class                 on which registered
                     None                                  None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                         Common Stock, $0.001 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                              Yes   X     No
                                 -------    -------

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [ X ].

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
Registrant,  based upon the closing  sale price of the Common  Stock on March 2,
1998 as  reported  on the  NASDAQ  National  Market  System,  was  approximately
$416,264,216.  Shares of Common  Stock held by each  officer and director and by
each  person  who owns 5% or more of the  outstanding  Common  Stock  have  been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate  status is not  necessarily  a conclusive  determination  for other
purposes.

As  of  March  2,  1998,  Registrant  had  26,125,986  shares  of  Common  Stock
outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy  Statement for the Annual  Meeting to be held on April 30,
1998 are incorporated by reference into Part III.



<PAGE>



                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                          1997 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                Table of Contents

                                     PART I
                                                                     Page No.

Item 1.  Business                                                        1

Item 2.  Properties                                                     22

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings                                              23

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders            23

         Executive Officers of the Registrant                           24

                            PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
         Stockholder Matters                                            25

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data                                        26

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
         Condition and Results of Operations                            28

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                    34

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
         Accounting and Financial Disclosure                            53

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant             54

Item 11. Executive Compensation                                         54

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
         Management                                                     54

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                 54

                                     PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules, and Reports
         on Form 8-K                                                    55

         Signatures                                                     58



<PAGE>



                                     PART I


ITEM 1.    BUSINESS

         Certain  statements in this  discussion  of the Company's  business and
elsewhere  in this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for 1997 are  forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth below under "Risk Factors".

         SanDisk  designs,  manufactures  and markets  flash memory data storage
products used in a wide variety of electronic systems. The Company has optimized
its flash memory storage solution, known as "system flash," to address the needs
of   many   emerging    applications    in   the   consumer    electronics   and
industrial/communications  markets.  Since its  inception,  the Company has been
actively  involved  in all aspects of flash  memory  process  development,  chip
design,  controller  development  and  system-level  integration  to ensure  the
creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are compatible
with both  existing  and new system  platforms.  The Company  believes  its core
technical  competencies  are in  high-density  flash memory  process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low-cost
system test. The Company's products include removable CompactFlash(TM) products,
FlashDisk cards and MultiMediaCard  ("MMC") products,  and embedded  FlashDrives
and Flash ChipSet  products.  SanDisk has applied its  technology to the markets
for digital  cameras and other  consumer  electronics  devices such as PDAs. The
Company offers products in the PCMCIA format,  the  CompactFlash  format and the
MultiMediaCard  format which was  introduced  in November  1997.  The  Company's
customers in 1997 included  Boeing Defense & Space Co.,  ("Boeing"),  Canon Inc.
("Canon"),  Casio  Manufacturing  Corporation  ("Casio"),  Eastman Kodak Company
("Kodak"), Epson Hanbai Co., Ltd. ("Epson Hanbai"), Fujitsu Limited ("Fujitsu"),
Hewlett-Pakard Company ("Hewlett- Packard"),  Kyocera America, Inc. ("Kyocera"),
Lucent Technologies,  Inc. ("Lucent"),  Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.
("MEI"),  NEC USA  Inc.  ("NEC  USA"),  Norand  Corporation  ("Norand"),  Pentax
Corporation  ("Pentax"),  Psion  Computers PLC ("Psion") and Telxon  Corporation
("Telxon").  The Company  currently  has patent  cross-license  agreements  with
Hitachi Ltd.  ("Hitachi"),  Intel  Corporation  ("Intel"),  Samsung  Electronics
Company Ltd.  ("Samsung"),  Sharp Electronics  Corporation ("Sharp") and Toshiba
Corporation ("Toshiba").

Industry Background

         The traditional data storage market encompasses several types of memory
and storage  devices  designed  primarily  for specific  components  of computer
systems.  Dynamic  random access memory  ("DRAM")  provides main system  memory;
static random access memory ("SRAM") provides specialized and high speed memory;
hard disk drives  provide high  capacity  data  storage;  and floppy disk drives
permit low capacity removable data storage.  In recent years,  digital computing
and processing have expanded beyond the boundaries of desktop  computer  systems
to include a broader  array of  electronic  systems.  These new devices  include
digital cameras, personal digital assistants, highly portable computers, digital
audio  recorders,  wireless  base  stations,  network  computers,  communication
switches,  cellular  telephones,  mobile  communication  systems,  handheld data
collection  terminals,  medical  monitors,  pay telephones and other  electronic
systems. These emerging applications have storage requirements that are not well
addressed by traditional  storage solutions.  These  requirements  include small
form factor size, high reliability,  low power consumption and the capability to
withstand   high  levels  of  shock  and  vibration   and  extreme   temperature
fluctuations.  Because storage products based on flash semiconductor  technology
meet  those  requirements,  these  devices  and  systems  represent  new  market
opportunities for flash storage systems.

         In the late 1980s, a new memory technology,  known as flash memory, was
developed as an extension of ultraviolet erasable programmable  read-only memory
("EPROM").  Flash  memory is  non-volatile,  unlike DRAM and SRAM,  requiring no
power to retain data and is  electrically  reprogrammable,  unlike EPROM.  Flash
memory has the  potential  to  satisfy  the  requirements  for a variety of data
storage  applications  although the most common types of flash  memory,  "socket
flash" and "linear flash," are not well suited for many purposes.

                                       1
<PAGE>


         Socket flash is being used as a replacement  for EPROMs in applications
such as embedded firmware or microcode storage in computer systems. Typical chip
densities  for socket  flash  range from 1Mbit to 16Mbit.  Socket  flash is well
suited for read often/write  infrequently  applications,  as the erase times are
relatively slow (typically one second per block or sector). In addition,  socket
flash has not been optimized for defect  management.  With frequent  erase/write
operations,  bits in flash storage media deteriorate over time. As a result, the
longevity  and  durability  of  socket  flash  chips  in  frequent   erase/write
applications is limited.  Also,  socket flash chips,  because they are optimized
for fast read access rather than low cost,  are  relatively  large and expensive
memory chips.

         More recently, technology known as linear flash has been developed that
permits socket flash chips to be used in data storage  applications with the use
of separate  flash file system  software.  While  linear  flash cards  provide a
low-cost mass storage solution, they provide limited built-in intelligence,  and
rely instead on the host  microprocessor and specialized  software to manage the
socket flash chips as a mass data storage device. This limits the portability of
linear flash cards  between  different  systems,  as well as their ability to be
upgraded  for use in future  generation  products.  A linear flash card used for
data  storage  in one  system  may not be usable  in other  systems  because  of
potential  incompatibilities  in the host  processors,  as well as the operating
system software used in the two systems. Furthermore,  because of differences in
the socket flash of various suppliers,  linear flash cards from one manufacturer
may not function  properly with flash file system  software  designed for linear
flash cards from other manufacturers.

         Customers in the  consumer  electronics  and  industrial/communications
markets are seeking data storage  solutions  that satisfy  requirements  such as
small form factor, high reliability, low power consumption and the capability to
withstand   high  levels  of  shock  and  vibration   and  extreme   temperature
fluctuations, which are not well addressed by traditional storage solutions such
as hard disk drives and DRAM,  or by linear  flash  cards based on socket  flash
memory chips.

The SanDisk Solution

         The Company has optimized its flash memory  storage  solution  known as
"system  flash,"  to  address  the needs of many  emerging  applications  in the
consumer electronics and industrial/communications markets. Since its inception,
the Company has been  actively  involved in all aspects of flash memory  process
development, chip design, controller development and system-level integration to
ensure the creation of fully-integrated, broadly interoperable products that are
compatible with both existing and new system platforms. The Company believes its
core technical competencies are in high-density flash memory process and design,
controller  design,  system-level  integration,  compact  packaging and low-cost
system  test.  To  achieve  compatibility  among  various  electronic  platforms
regardless  of the host  processor  or operating  system  used,  the Company has
developed  new  capabilities  in  flash  memory  chip  design,   created  a  new
intelligent  controller and developed an architecture that can leverage advances
in  flash  memory  process  technology  to  ensure a  scaleable,  high-yielding,
cost-effective and highly reliable manufacturing process.

         The Company's products offer the following features:

              Small form factor.  The  Company's  FlashDisk  cards are small and
         lightweight  with a length of 85.6 mm,  width of 54.0 mm,  thickness of
         5.0 mm (PCMCIA Type II) or 10.5 mm (PCMCIA Type III) and weight of less
         than 2.0  ounces.  The  Company's  CompactFlash  products  weigh  about
         one-half ounce and are approximately the size of a matchbook (36.4 mm x
         42.8 mm x 3.3 mm). The  Company's  MMC products are  approximately  the
         size of a quarter coin (32 mm x 24 mm x 1.4 mm) and weigh less than two
         grams.

              Non-volatility. SanDisk products store information in non-volatile
         memory cells that do not require power to retain information.

              High degree of  ruggedness.  SanDisk's  devices  have an operating
         shock  rating of 2,000 Gs for  CompactFlash  and 1,000 Gs for all other
         products (equivalent to being able to withstand ten foot and eight
 
                                      2
<PAGE>


         foot drops onto  concrete,  respectively).  The Company's  products are
         also designed to tolerate extreme temperatures and humidity.

              Low power  consumption.  During read/write  operations,  SanDisk's
         products  use less power than the 1.8 inch and 2.5 inch  rotating  disk
         drives  found in many  portable  computers.  At all other times  during
         system  operation,  the Company's  products require virtually no power.
         Depending upon the end product  making use of the Company's  flash data
         storage, this can translate into longer battery life.

              High reliability.  SanDisk's products utilize  sophisticated error
         detection  and  correction  algorithms  and dynamic  defect  management
         techniques to provide high data reliability and endurance.

              High  performance.  The Company  believes that the access times of
         the Company's  products meet or exceed the read and write data rates of
         the majority of consumer and industrial/communication applications.

         The flash  process  and flash  memory  chip  designs  developed  by the
Company in cooperation with its development partners make the Company's products
scaleable over several generations of semiconductor  fabrication processes. This
feature has allowed the Company to significantly reduce its cost per megabyte of
capacity as each new process  generation is qualified.  By maintaining  the same
basic design  parameters,  each generation of the Company's  products  maintains
full compatibility  with prior  generations.  This chip architecture has allowed
the Company to  significantly  reduce cell size and thereby chip size.  This has
permitted increased storage capacity in PC Card, CompactFlash and MMC platforms.
The Company's  proprietary  flash process  requires  some  modifications  to the
typical  CMOS  semiconductor  fabrication  process,  but can be  implemented  on
existing  advanced  fabrication  lines without the need for special materials or
equipment.  The Company has successfully implemented its processes at Matsushita
Electronics Corporation  ("Matsushita") and at LG Semicon ("LG Semicon"), and is
currently  implementing  its  processes  at NEC  Corporation  ("NEC") and United
Silicon,  Inc.  ("USIC") a  subsidiary  of United  Microelectronics  Corporation
("UMC").

         The  Company  also  has  developed   core   competencies   in  low-cost
micropackaging  technology as well as low-cost batch testing,  both of which are
important elements in building high capacity,  high reliability flash cards at a
competitive cost.

SanDisk's Business Strategy

The Company is pursuing the following strategies:

         Enable New Products in Large and Emerging Markets;  Develop and Promote
Industry  Standards.  The Company  develops  products that it believes will have
applications in large, emerging markets such as the markets for digital cameras,
PDAs and smart phones.  The Company  believes that the widespread  acceptance of
universal  industry  standards is important to the development of the market for
flash data  storage.  The Company  designs its  products to be  compatible  with
existing industry  standards and, where  appropriate,  develops and promotes new
standards.  The Company was one of the founding members of PCMCIA,  where it has
worked to establish the ATA standard  interface  which is globally  supported by
all PCMCIA card slots. The Company developed the CompactFlash format and was one
of the founding members of the CompactFlash Association ("CFA"), an organization
established in October 1995 to promote CompactFlash as a small form factor flash
data storage standard.  The Company believes that this format is becoming the de
facto industry  standard storage platform for digital cameras,  where it is used
instead of traditional film. The Company's CompactFlash,  FlashDisk,  FlashDrive
and Flash Chipset  products are compatible with IDE and ATA standard  interfaces
used in all IBM compatible  PCs and are compatible  with Windows 95, Windows NT,
Windows   CE,   Macintosh   System  8.0  and  other   operating   systems.   The
interoperability afforded by adherence to these industry standards enables users
of flash data storage  cards to transfer data quickly and easily from one device
to another,  such as from a digital camera to a desktop computer system equipped
with a PCMCIA or CompactFlash slot.


                                       3
<PAGE>


         In November  1997, the Company along with Siemens AG introduced the MMC
format which was designed to meet the requirements of the mobile  communications
industry  for a small form factor  storage  card with a simple high  performance
serial  interface.  The Company is committed  to making MMC a broadly  supported
industry  standard.  The Company  believes that working with industry  groups to
develop widely-adhered-to standards will lead to the acceptance of the Company's
products in large markets.

         Maintain  Technology  Leadership.  The Company believes that it was the
first to develop and  introduce  removable  flash data storage cards and that it
has led  the  industry  with  several  technological  innovations.  The  Company
believes  that its  technological  expertise in flash memory  design and process
engineering,   intelligent   controllers  and   system-level   integration,   in
conjunction  with  its  relationships   with  its  semiconductor   manufacturing
partners,  provides  it with a  competitive  advantage.  The Company is actively
developing  advanced  flash data storage  technologies  designed to enable it to
continue to meet evolving  customer  requirements  for flash data storage system
products.  The  Company  has  developed  D2  flash,  which  is  a  technological
innovation  that allows each flash memory cell to store two bits of  information
instead of the traditional single bit per cell,  effectively doubling the amount
of storage  capacity on  approximately  the same size chip. The Company plans to
use this technology to achieve a significant  reduction in the cost per megabyte
of flash data  storage.  The Company  began  low-volume  shipments of flash card
products  employing 64 Mbit D2 flash in the third  quarter of 1997.  In November
1997, the Company announced its 80 Mbit D2 flash chip.

         Reduce Cost Per Megabyte of Flash Data Storage.  The Company is focused
on  reducing  the cost per  megabyte of its  products  in order to increase  the
number of applications  for these products and to enhance the Company's  ability
to address new  markets.  The Company has  designed  its  patented  flash memory
technology  and  integrated  intelligent  controller  to increase  the amount of
usable flash storage per wafer. The Company works closely with its manufacturing
partners to increase the amount of storage  capacity per wafer by utilizing very
small flash memory cells, to realize high yields through the built-in ability to
utilize  partial  die  and to  facilitate  the  migration  to  smaller  geometry
manufacturing   processes  through  several  generations  of  flash  technology.
Virtually all of the Company's products utilize its 32Mbit flash devices.

         Leverage  Intellectual  Property.  The Company has  cross-licensed  its
flash technology, including its patent portfolio, to selected third parties. The
Company  believes  that  permitting  other  flash  memory  providers  to use its
technology will facilitate the development of its target markets, will provide a
second  source  of  supply  of  CompactFlash,  which  is  required  by many  OEM
customers,  and can serve as a  significant  source of license  fees and royalty
revenues  for the  Company.  To  date,  the  Company  has  entered  into  patent
cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,  Intel, Samsung,  Sharp and Toshiba, and
intends to pursue opportunities to enter into additional licenses.

Applications and Markets for Flash Data Storage

         The Company is targeting the consumer  electronics  and the  industrial
communications markets for its flash data storage products.

         Consumer  Electronics.  The increasing trend towards the use of digital
technology in consumer electronics devices has created requirements for new data
storage  products.  For example,  a number of major camera and imaging companies
have  introduced   digital  cameras  that  the  Company   believes  will  enable
professionals and consumers to eliminate the need for standard 35mm photographic
film by  replacing it with  re-usable  compact  digital  data  storage  devices.
Removable and embedded flash data storage products such as the Company's Chipset
and  MMC  products,  can  also be  potentially  used in  PDAs,  highly  portable
computers,  digital audio recorders,  network  computers,  cellular  telephones,
two-way pagers,  next-generation  smart  telephones,  digital audio samplers and
other devices. These data storage devices need to have a very small form factor,
must  be   lightweight,   shock  and  vibration   tolerant,   non-volatile   and
interoperable  with computer  systems and software that can process,  manipulate
and print images digitally.

         Industrial/Communications   Market.   Emerging   applications   in  the
industrial  market  encompass  a wide  variety  of  electronic  systems  used by
personnel such as inventory  controllers,  service technicians,  route salesmen,
delivery crews, meter readers,  car-rental service employees,  physicians,  real
estate agents, insurance agents and

                                       4
<PAGE>


         public  safety  officers.  The systems used by these  workers are often
subjected  to rough  handling,  used in a variety of  temperature  and  humidity
conditions and required to operate for extended periods of time without external
power sources or frequent  battery changes.  The information  collected by these
individuals is critical to the successful  operation of their business or agency
and hence must be stored reliably  regardless of the operating  environment.  In
addition,  the information is frequently  processed at some point (typically the
end of the work day or night) by a computer  system and must therefore be easily
transferable.

         The  communications  market  has  applications  that are  beginning  to
require new types of data  storage.  For  example,  communications  switches and
cellular  base  stations  require  data storage in  environments  such as subway
stations or outdoor telephone booths that are subject to shock and vibration and
a wide range of temperature and humidity conditions.

         The Company's  products are used in consumer  electronics  applications
such as digital cameras, PDAs, highly portable computers, audio recorders, video
and    electronic    games,    and    digital    audio    samplers,    and    in
industrial/communications  applications  such as POS terminals,  transportation,
medical  instrumentation,  automation,  telecommunications  switches,  PHS  base
stations,  cellular base stations and routers.  In 1997, the Company's customers
included Boeing,  Canon, Casio, Kodak, Epson Hanbai,  Fujitsu,  Hewlett-Packard,
Kyocera, Lucent, MEI, NEC USA, Norand, Pentax, Psion and Telxon.

         In the fiscal years ended  December 31,  1997,  1996 and 1995,  product
sales to the Company's top 10 customers accounted for approximately 67%, 71% and
80%,  respectively,  of the  Company's  product  revenues.  In 1997,  no  single
customer  accounted for greater than 10% of total revenues.  During 1996,  Epson
Hanbai accounted for approximately 26% of the Company's total revenues. Three of
the Company's customers,  Epson Hanbai,  Kyocera and Hewlett-Packard,  accounted
for   approximately   26%,  14%  and  12%  of  the  Company's   total  revenues,
respectively,  in 1995.  The  Company  expects  that sales of its  products to a
limited number of customers  will continue to account for a substantial  portion
of its revenues for the  foreseeable  future.  The Company has also  experienced
significant  changes in the  composition of its major customer base from year to
year and  expects  this  pattern to continue  as certain  customers  increase or
decrease their  purchases of the Company's  products as a result of fluctuations
in market demand for such customers' products.  Sales to the Company's customers
are generally  made pursuant to standard  purchase  orders rather than long-term
contracts.  The loss of, or significant  reduction in purchases by the Company's
major customers, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
financial  condition  and results of  operations.  See "Risk  Factors - Customer
Concentration."

Products

         SanDisk's storage products are high capacity, solid-state, non-volatile
flash  memory  devices  which  comply  with  PC Card  ATA  and/or  IDE  industry
standards. The Company offers a broad line of flash data storage system products
in terms of capacities,  form factors, operating voltage and temperature ranges.
The Company's current product families include removable CompactFlash, FlashDisk
and MMC cards, embedded FlashDrive products and Flash ChipSets. All products use
the  Company's  proprietary  512  byte  sector  erase  flash  memory  chips  and
intelligent controller.  The Company's products are compatible with the majority
of today's  computing  and  communications  systems  that are based on  industry
standards.  The Company's  products,  as of December 31, 1997, are listed in the
following table:

<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>                             <C>
- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
Product Family            Form Factor                     Uncompressed Capacity (in million bytes)
- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
CompactFlash              36.4 mm x 42.8 mm x 3.3 mm      2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 15, 20, 24, 30, 40, 48
(Removable)

- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
FlashDisk                 PC Card Type II                 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 20, 40, 60, 85
(Removable)               ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
                          PC Card Type III                110,175,220
- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
Flash Chipset             2 chips                         2, 4, 8
(Embedded)
- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
FlashDrive                1.3 inches                      4, 10, 20, 40, 60
(Embedded)                ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
                          1.8 inches                      4, 10, 20, 40, 80, 140
- ------------------------- ------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       5
<PAGE>



         Unlike   rotating  disk  drives,   the  Company's  flash  products  are
solid-state  devices.  The Company's  products are very  reliable.  They have no
moving parts that are subject to mechanical failure.  The Company's products are
non-volatile,  meaning that no on-going source of power is required in order for
the products to retain data, images or audio  indefinitely.  Flash is noiseless,
considerably lighter,  more rugged and consumes  substantially less power than a
rotating disk drive.  The Company's  products are small enough to be employed in
mobile systems while the three  smallest,  CompactFlash,  MMC and Flash ChipSet,
are  small  enough  to be used in many  of the  newer,  miniaturized  electronic
systems being developed  today.  In November 1997, the Company  announced its 80
Mbit D2 flash chip. The Company plans to begin  shipments of products  utilizing
the 80 Mbit D2 flash chip by mid-year 1998.

         CompactFlash.  The Company's CompactFlash products provide full PC Card
ATA  functionality  but are only  one-fourth  the size of a standard  Type II PC
card. CompactFlash's compact size, ruggedness and low-power requirements and its
ability  to  operate  at either  3.3V or 5V make it  well-suited  for a range of
current and  next-generation,  small form factor consumer  applications  such as
digital  cameras,  PDAs,  personal  communicators,  pagers and audio  recorders.
CompactFlash  products provide  interoperability  with systems based upon the PC
Card ATA  standard by using a low-cost  passive  Type II  adapter.  CompactFlash
cards are available in capacities ranging from 2MB to 48MB.

         FlashDisk.  The Company's FlashDisk products are used in storage,  data
backup and data transport applications. FlashDisk products are available in Type
II form factor with capacities ranging from 2MB to 85MB and Type III form factor
with capacities ranging from 110MB to 220MB.

         Flash  ChipSet.  The  Flash  ChipSet  product  provides  a  very  small
footprint  solid-state  ATA mass  storage  system.  The  Flash  ChipSet  product
consists  of a  single  chip  ATA  controller  and a flash  memory  chip  and is
available in 2MB, 4MB and 8MB capacities.  It provides full PC Card, ATA and IDE
disk drive compatibility in a chip set format.

         FlashDrive.  The  Company's  FlashDrives  in 1.3 inch and 1.8 inch form
factors are targeted at applications that require embedded data storage devices.
FlashDrives  offer rugged,  portable,  low-power  data storage and are "plug and
play"  replacements  for  rotating  IDE  drives  making  them  ideal for  mobile
computers,  communication  devices  and  other  systems  that  require  embedded
storage.  Capacities of the Company's  FlashDrive products range between 4MB and
60MB  for the 1.3  inch  product  and  between  4MB and  220MB  for the 1.8 inch
product.

         MMC. In November 1997, the Company  introduced a new removable  storage
card product family,  the  MultiMediaCard  ("MMC").  MMC measures 32 millimeters
("mm") by 24 mm by 1.4 mm and weighs less than two grams. MMC is targeted at the
emerging markets for mobile smart phones,  advanced pagers,  consumer multimedia
devices,  digital audio  recorders and other  products that need  removable data
storage  in a small  form  factor.  MMC will  initially  be  offered  in storage
capacities  of 2MB,  4MB and 8MB . The  Company  does  not  expect  to  generate
significant  revenues from MMC sales in 1998. There can be no assurance that MMC
will be commercially  available on schedule or that it will receive  substantial
market  acceptance.  Any failure by SanDisk's  customers to accept the Company's
MMC products could cause a material  adverse  effect on the Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - Dependence on
Emerging Markets and New Products."

Technology

         Since  its  inception,   the  Company  has  focused  its  research  and
development  efforts on  developing  highly  reliable and  cost-effective  flash
memory storage products to address a number of emerging markets. The Company has
been  actively  involved in all  aspects of this  development,  including  flash
memory process development, chip design, controller development and system-level
integration,  to ensure the creation of fully-integrated,  broadly interoperable
products  that are  compatible  with  both  older  and  newly  developed  system
platforms.  The Company  believes its core  technical  competencies  are in high
density  flash  memory  process  and  design,  controller  design,  system-level
integration, compact packaging and low-cost system test.

                                       6
<PAGE>


         To achieve  compatibility among various electronic platforms regardless
of the host  processors  or operating  systems used,  the Company  developed new
capabilities in flash memory chip design,  created a new intelligent  controller
and developed an architecture that could leverage advances in process technology
to  ensure  a  scaleable,  high-yielding,  cost-effective  and  highly  reliable
manufacturing  process.  The Company believes that these technical  competencies
and the Company's system design approach have enabled it to introduce flash data
storage  products  that are better  suited for its  targeted  market than linear
flash cards based on socket flash chips.

         The   Company    designs   its   products   to   be   compatible   with
industry-standard  IDE and ATA  interfaces  used in all IBM  compatible  PCs. To
achieve  this  design,  the  Company  uses a 512 byte  memory  sector  size that
required a departure  from the typical  socket flash chip design.  By decreasing
the sector size to be the same as the sector size of all 3.5 inch,  2.5 inch and
1.8 inch hard disk drives,  the Company was able to achieve  compatibility  with
DOS and Windows.

         The  Company's  patented   intelligent   controller  coupled  with  the
intelligent controller's advanced defect management system permits the Company's
products  to achieve a high level of  reliability  and  longevity.  This  defect
management system,  which currently resides on a single  proprietary  controller
chip, is able to detect bit "wearout," a common problem with flash memory,  both
immediately  following  manufacture  and late in the  product's  life.  Late bit
failure can occur  several years into the life of a product and can be difficult
to detect with traditional  flash  technology.  The Company's defect  management
system automatically  detects bits that have failed or are likely to fail due to
the number of erase/write cycles such bits have undergone and switches memory to
spare  good bits  incorporated  into the  design.  The  system  also  allows the
automatic  substitution  of entire  sectors or major  blocks of the memory chip.
Additionally,  the controller generates an error correcting code which is stored
simultaneously  with the data and is used to detect and  correct any errors when
the data is read.  This  design  permits  the  Company's  products  to  maintain
error-free operation for hundreds of thousands of erase/write cycles and reduces
manufacturing costs by allowing the Company to incorporate partial die with less
than 100% of the physical  bits on each chip into the  products  without loss of
functionality. Currently, all of the Company's controller chips are manufactured
by Motorola using a Motorola CPU core processor.

         The flash  process  and flash  memory  chip  designs  developed  by the
Company in cooperation with its development partners make the Company's products
scaleable over several generations of semiconductor  fabrication processes. This
feature has allowed the Company to significantly reduce its cost per megabyte of
capacity as each new process  generation is qualified.  By maintaining  the same
basic design  parameters,  each generation of the Company's  products  maintains
full  compatibility  with  prior  generations.  This  chip  architecture,  which
incorporates  three polysilicon layers and one metal layer, as well as a virtual
ground  array and a split gate  transistor  cell,  has  allowed  the  Company to
significantly  reduce  cell  size and  thereby  chip  size.  This has  permitted
increased storage capacity in PCMCIA,  CompactFlash and MMC card platforms.  The
Company's patented flash process requires some modifications to the typical CMOS
semiconductor  fabrication  process, but can be implemented on existing advanced
fabrication  lines  without the need for special  materials  or  equipment.  The
Company has  successfully  implemented  its 0.4 micron process at Matsushita and
has  ramped  down  production  of the .5 micron  process  at  Matsushita  and LG
Semicon. The Company is currently qualifying its 0.35 micron process at UMC. The
Company is also in the advanced stages of development of its 0.35 micron process
at NEC.

         In the  third  quarter  of 1997,  the  Company  commenced  shipment  of
production  units of its 64 Mbit D2 flash and in November 1997  announced its 80
Mbit D2 flash chip.  D2 is a  technological  innovation  which allows each flash
memory cell to store two bits of information  instead of the traditional  single
bit per cell employed by the industry  standard flash  technology.  The D2 flash
technology is highly complex, and the write speed of the first generation 64Mbit
and 80Mbit D2 flash is  significantly  slower than the  Company's  current flash
products.  In addition,  D2 flash involves several  techniques never proven in a
high  volume  production  environment.  The  Company  experienced  delays in the
production ramp up of the 64Mbit D2 technology and has subsequently  shifted its
resources to the qualification  and production  startup of the second generation
80Mbit D2 design.  Consequently,  product  revenues  from the 64Mbit D2 were not
material in 1997.  There can be no assurance that the much slower write speed of
D2 flash will be  accepted by  SanDisk's  customers.  Any  failure by  SanDisk's
customers  to  accept  the  Company's  D2  flash  products,  or any  failure  to
successfully establish volume production of the D2 flash product,

                                       7
<PAGE>


could  cause a material  adverse  affect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.  See "Risk Factors - Dependence on Emerging
Markets and New Products."

         The  Company  also  has  developed   core   competencies   in  low-cost
micropackaging  technology as well as low-cost batch testing,  both of which are
important  elements in building  high capacity  flash cards to high  reliability
standards at competitive cost.

Strategic Manufacturing Relationships

         An important  element of the  Company's  strategy has been to establish
strategic  relationships with leading technology  companies that can provide the
Company with access to leading  edge  semiconductor  manufacturing  capacity and
participate in the development of certain products.  This enables the Company to
concentrate its resources on the product design and development  areas where the
Company  believes it has competitive  advantages and eliminates the high cost of
owning and operating a semiconductor wafer fabrication facility. The Company has
developed  strategic  relationships with Matsushita,  LG Semicon and NEC. In the
third  quarter  of  1997,  the  Company   invested  in  USIC,  a   semiconductor
manufacturing facility founded by UMC in Taiwan.

         All  of  the  Company's  products  require  silicon  wafers  which  are
currently  supplied by Matsushita and LG Semicon.  Most of the Company's  wafers
are currently  manufactured using 0.4 micron process technology.  The Company is
currently  ramping down  production of 0.5 micron  wafers at  Matsushita  and LG
Semicon  and  expects to  complete  the  transition  from 0.5  micron  wafers by
mid-year 1998.  The Company  currently has a joint  development  agreement and a
foundry  agreement  for 0.35  micron  wafers with NEC.  The  Company  expects to
receive its first  production wafer shipments from NEC in 1998.  However,  there
can be no assurance that  Matsushita,  LG Semicon or NEC will be able to produce
the required  quantities  of the Company's  wafers at  competitive  prices.  Any
delays  in wafer  availability  or  uncompetitive  wafer  pricing  would  have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

         The  Company  invested  approximately  $40.3  million  in  USIC,  which
represents  an  ownership  interest  of  approximately  10% in the  venture  and
guarantees the Company  access to  approximately  12.5% of the facility's  wafer
output.  The USIC facility is currently under  construction at the Science Based
Industrial  Park in Hsin Chu City,  Taiwan.  The  facility is scheduled to start
producing  limited  wafer  quantities in mid 1998 and is scheduled to reach full
monthly  production  of  approximately  20,000  eight inch  wafers in 1999.  The
Company has arranged to receive  foundry wafers from a separate UMC  fabrication
facility during the construction of the USIC plant. The Company expects to begin
receiving these wafers in the first half of 1998. There can be no assurance that
the  USIC  facility  will be  completed  on  schedule  or that  the USIC and UMC
facilities will begin  production as scheduled,  or that the processes needed to
fabricate  wafers  for  the  Company  will  be  qualified  at  either  facility.
Substantial delays in the construction of the USIC facility or the production of
wafers from UMC or USIC could have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Under the general terms of the Company's  wafer supply  agreements with
its foundry  partners,  the Company is  obligated  to provide a monthly  rolling
forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.  Except in limited  circumstances  and
subject to  acceptance  by the  foundries,  the  estimates  for a portion of the
forecast,  generally  three  months,  constitute  a binding  commitment  and the
estimates for the  remaining  months may not increase or decrease by more than a
certain  percentage from the previous months forecast.  These requirements limit
the Company's ability to react to any significant fluctuations in demand for its
products.  The Company is dependent upon its foundry  partners to deliver wafers
and to maintain acceptable yields and quality.

         The Company believes that shipments of wafers from its foundry partners
will be sufficient to meet the Company's anticipated requirements for wafers for
the foreseeable  future.  The Company's  ability to increase its revenue and net
income in future  periods is dependent on receiving an  uninterrupted  supply of
wafers from its manufacturing partnerships.

         The Company's  reliance on  third-party  wafer  manufacturers  involves
several material risks, including shortages of manufacturing  capacity,  reduced
control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, production yields

                                       8
<PAGE>


and costs. In addition, as a result of the Company's dependence on foreign wafer
manufacturers,  the  Company  is  subject  to the risks of  conducting  business
internationally,  including  exchange  rate  fluctuations.  See "Risk  Factors -
Dependence on Third Party Foundries."

         The Company has also developed a strategic  manufacturing  relationship
with  Motorola,  the supplier of the  microcontroller  for all of the  Company's
products.  The small form factor of this single chip  integrated  controller  is
necessary to produce the  Company's  CompactFlash  products as well as its flash
ChipSet  products.  To reduce its  reliance  on  Motorola  as its sole source of
microcontrollers,  the Company  has  undertaken  a design  effort to bring up an
alternate  source of controller  chips.  The Company  expects to have the second
source in production  before the end of 1998. There can be no assurance that the
second  source  vendor  will  be  able  to  successfully  produce  the  required
quantities  of controller  chips.  Any  interruption  of supply of the Company's
controller  chips  from  Motorola  before  the  alternate  source  reaches  full
production  could  have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - Dependence on
Sole Source Suppliers and Third Party Subcontractors."

         The Company is continuing to identify and establish  second sources for
its key single and sole source  component  vendors and  subcontractors  as sales
volumes  increase,  although  there can be no  assurance  these  efforts will be
successful.  During the next several  quarters,  if the demand for the Company's
products  exceeds  its  suppliers   ability  to  deliver  needed  components  or
subassemblies, the Company may be unable to meet customer demand.

Assembly and Test

         The Company  tests the  majority of its wafers at its  headquarters  in
Sunnyvale,  California.  Substantially all of the tested wafers are then shipped
to the Company's  third party memory  assembly  subcontractors:  ISE in Manteca,
California,  Integrated Packaging Assembly  Corporation in San Jose,  California
and Mitsui in Japan.  Monitoring of the assembly  process is done by statistical
process control and audits by the Company's personnel.

         The Company performs final assembly,  testing and  configuration of all
products at its  headquarters  in  Sunnyvale,  California.  The Company has made
substantial capital investments and has established in-house surface mount lines
for  the  assembly  of  the  printed   circuit  boards  used  in  the  Company's
CompactFlash  and  FlashDisk  products.  In July  1996,  the  Company  moved its
corporate headquarters from two leased facilities totaling 54,000 square feet in
Santa Clara to a leased,  104,000  square foot building in  Sunnyvale.  The move
allowed the Company to substantially  expand its  manufacturing  facility and to
move some  production work in-house from off-site  sub-contractors.  The Company
currently  anticipates  that  it  will  continue  to  make  substantial  capital
investments to further  enhance its assembly  capabilities.  See "Risk Factors -
Dependence on Sole Source Suppliers and Third Party Subcontractors."

         The Company's  customers  have demanding  requirements  for quality and
reliability.   To  maximize  quality  and  reliability,   the  Company  monitors
electrical   and  inspection   data  from  its  wafer   foundries  and  assembly
subcontractors.  The Company  monitors  wafer foundry  production for consistent
overall  quality,  reliability  and yield levels.  Most of the  Company's  major
component suppliers and subcontractors have ISO 9001 or 9002 certification.

Seagate Relationship

         The Company has a strategic relationship with Seagate. In January 1993,
Seagate  acquired a 25%  ownership  interest in the  Company and entered  into a
joint cooperation  agreement that provides for a strategic  alliance between the
parties.  Seagate has the option to market the Company's products  commencing in
January  1999  and at that  time may be  established  as a  distributor  for the
Company's  products.  If the option is  exercised,  the Company and Seagate will
coordinate their efforts so that up to one-third of the Company's  worldwide net
revenues from all flash  products could be generated from sales of the Company's
flash products through Seagate.  The joint  cooperation  agreement also provides
that each party will have the  exclusive  right to market to certain  customers.
The joint cooperation agreement will terminate if, among other things, Seagate's
ownership  interest in the Company  falls below 10% or, on or after  January 15,
2000, upon at least one year's advance written notice by the Company to Seagate.
Seagate  has the  right to  nominate  one  director  to the  Company's  Board of
Directors. Alan F.
Shugart,

                                       9
<PAGE>


         Seagate's  Chairman and Chief  Executive  Officer,  serves as Seagate's
nominee to the  Company's  Board of  Directors.  The  Shareholder  Rights  Plan,
adopted by the Board of Directors on April 21, 1997, permits Seagate to continue
to hold its ownership  interest in the Company without triggering the provisions
of the plan.  At  December  31,  1997,  Seagate  had an  ownership  interest  of
approximately 24% in the Company.

Research and Development

         The  Company  believes  that its  future  success  will  depend  on the
continued development and introduction of new generations of flash memory chips,
controllers  and  products  designed  specifically  for the flash  data  storage
market.  To date, the Company has developed and put into  production  flash data
storage  products  utilizing  semiconductor  devices with the  following  memory
capacity and  geometries:  4Mbit (0.9 micron),  8Mbit (0.8 micron),  16Mbit (0.5
micron),  32Mbit (0.5 0.4 and 0.35 micron) and 64Mbit D2 flash (0.5 micron).  In
November 1997, the Company  announced its 80 Mbit (0.4 and 0.35 micron) D2 flash
chip and  plans to begin  customer  shipments  of 80 Mbit D2 flash  products  by
mid-year  1998. In addition,  the Company has developed  several  generations of
controllers for these flash memory chips. Currently, a majority of the Company's
products  utilize the 32Mbit device.  Because of the complexity of its products,
the Company has periodically  experienced  significant delays in the development
and volume  production  ramp up of its products.  There can be no assurance that
similar delays will not occur in the future.

         The  Company,  along with its current  foundry  partners  (in  separate
design efforts),  is developing a new process to manufacture  future generation,
higher  capacity  chips  employing 0.35 to 0.4 micron  geometries.  To date, the
Company has not successfully completed the qualification of such a process at LG
Semicon and USIC, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
successfully  commence volume  production with such a process at these foundries
in  the  future.  The  Company  has  periodically   experienced  delays  in  the
development  of new processes at its foundry  partners and such delays may occur
again in the future.  The Company's  foundry partners may also experience delays
in establishing  development capabilities for new processes and these delays may
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and  results  of  operations.   See  "Risk  Factors  -  Risks   Associated  with
Transitioning to New Products and Processes."

         In the fourth quarter of 1996, the Company  established a design center
in Tefen,  Israel to conduct  research on product  design  improvements  and new
product  development.  As of December 31,  1997,  the center had nine full- time
employees engaged in research and development activities.

         During the fiscal years ended  December 31,  1997,  1996 and 1995,  the
Company spent $13.6 million,  $10.2 million and $8.0 million,  respectively,  on
research and development activities. As of December 31, 1997, the Company had 82
full-time  employees engaged in research and development  activities,  including
those in its Israel design center.

Sales and Distribution

         The Company  markets its products  using a direct  sales  organization,
distributors and manufacturers' representatives. The Company also sells products
to various customers on a private label basis and under the SanDisk brand in the
retail channel. The Company's sales efforts are organized as follows:

         Direct  Sales  Force.  The  Company's  direct sales force is located in
Maitland,   Florida;  Herndon,   Virginia;  Dublin,  Ohio;  Irvine,  California;
Sunnyvale, California; Branford, Connecticut;  Hannover, Germany; Hong Kong; and
Yokohama,  Japan.  This  organization  supports  major  OEM  customers  and  the
Company's distribution and manufacturers' representative partners.

         Distributors.  In the United  States,  the Company's  products are sold
through Anthem Electronics Inc., Arrow Electronics Inc.,  Hamilton-Hallmark Inc.
and Bell  MicroProducts  Inc. to OEM  customers for a wide variety of industrial
applications.  In addition,  the Company has  distributors in various regions of
the world including Europe,  Japan,  Australia,  New Zealand,  Taiwan, Korea and
Hong Kong.

                                       10
<PAGE>


         Independent  Manufacturers'  Representatives.  In  the  United  States,
Canada and Europe,  the  Company's  direct sales force is supported in its sales
efforts by more than 30  independent  firms.  These  domestic and  international
firms receive a commission for providing  support to the Company's  direct sales
force and distributors in the industrial distribution,  OEM and retail channels.
The manufacturers'  representative companies sell the Company's products as well
as products from other manufacturers.

         Private  Label   Partners  and  OEMs.   The  Company  has   contractual
distribution  agreements  with Epson Hanbai to sell the Company's  products on a
private  label  basis.   Epson  Hanbai  sells  directly  to  OEMs,  as  well  as
superstores, mass merchants, office clubs, retailers and mail order companies in
Japan. In addition,  the Company  provides private label products to OEMs in the
United States and the Pacific Rim.

         Retail.  The Company entered the retail channel in 1997 and is shipping
SanDisk  brand name  product  directly to retail  superstores,  office clubs and
selected retail distributors.  Eleven independent manufacturers'  representative
firms are supporting the Company's sales efforts in the retail channel.

Customer Service and Technical Support

         The Company provides customers with  comprehensive  product service and
support.   The  Company  provides  technical  support  through  its  application
engineering  group  located in the United  States and Japan.  The Company  works
closely with its customers to monitor the performance of its product designs, to
provide  application  design  support and  assistance  and to gain  insight into
customer's  needs  to  help  in the  definition  of  subsequent  generations  of
products.

         The Company's  support package is generally  offered with product sales
and includes technical  documentation and application design assistance.  During
an OEM's production phase, the Company provides failure analysis and replacement
of defective  components.  In some cases, the Company offers additional  support
which includes  training,  system-level  design,  implementation and integration
support.  The Company believes that tailoring the technical support level to its
customers'  needs is essential for the success of product  introductions  and to
achieve a high level of satisfaction among its customers.

         The Company generally provides a one-year warranty on its products.

Patents and Licenses

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  trademarks,  copyright
and trade secret laws,  confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to
protect its intellectual  property rights. The Company  vigorously  protects and
defends its  intellectual  property  rights and in the past has been involved in
significant disputes regarding its intellectual  property rights and believes it
may be involved in similar disputes in the future.

         In 1988, the Company  developed the concept of emulation of a hard disk
drive with flash  solid-state  memory.  The first related  patents were filed in
1988 by Dr. Eli Harari and  exclusively  licensed  to the  Company.  The Company
currently  owns or has exclusive  rights to sixty two United States and thirteen
foreign  issued  patents,  and over thirty  patent  applications  pending in the
United States, as well as twenty pending in foreign patent offices.  The Company
intends  to seek  additional  international  and  United  States  patents on its
technology.  The Company  believes  some of its patents are  fundamental  to the
implementation of flash data storage systems,  as well as the  implementation of
D2 flash,  independent of the flash  technology used.  However,  there can be no
assurance  that any patents  held by the Company will not be  invalidated,  that
patents will be issued for any of the Company's pending applications or that any
claims allowed from existing or pending  patents will be of sufficient  scope or
strength or be issued in the primary countries where the Company's  products can
be sold to provide  meaningful  protection  or any  commercial  advantage to the
Company.  Additionally,  competitors of the Company may be able to design around
the Company's patents.

         The semiconductor  industry is characterized by vigorous protection and
pursuit of  intellectual  property  rights or positions,  which have resulted in
significant and often protracted and expensive litigation. To preserve its

                                       11
<PAGE>


intellectual  property  rights,  the  Company  believes it may be  necessary  to
initiate litigation against one or more third parties, including but not limited
to those the Company has already  notified of possible patent  infringement.  In
addition,  one or more of these  parties may bring suit against the Company.  In
the event of an adverse  result in any such  litigation,  the  Company  could be
required to pay  substantial  damages,  cease the  manufacture,  use and sale of
infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop  non-infringing
technology,  discontinue the use of certain  processes or obtain licenses to the
infringing technology. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant,
would likely result in significant expense to the Company and divert the efforts
of the  Company's  technical  and  management  personnel,  whether  or not  such
litigation is ultimately  determined in favor of the Company.  In addition,  the
results of any litigation matter are inherently uncertain. For example, in 1995,
the Company informed Samsung that the Company believed Samsung infringed certain
of its patents.  In response,  Samsung filed a complaint accusing the Company of
infringing  two of its  patents.  The  Company  then filed a  complaint  against
Samsung with the ITC alleging that Samsung and its U.S. sales arm were importing
and selling  products  that  infringed  two of the  Company's  patents.  After a
hearing on this matter,  the ITC issued an order that both SanDisk  patents were
valid and that Samsung had infringed  such patents,  and  prohibited the import,
sale,  marketing,  distribution  or  advertising of Samsung's  infringing  flash
memory circuits,  in the United States.  In August 1997, the Company and Samsung
entered  into a  settlement  agreement  resolving  all aspects of this  dispute,
pursuant  to which the  parties  agreed to  cross-license  certain  patents  and
Samsung  agreed to make license and royalty  payments to the Company.  While the
Company believes it achieved a favorable result in this matter,  the expense and
diversion  of  management  attention  in  connection  with its  resolution  were
substantial. In addition, the Company has notified several large flash suppliers
that the  Company  believes  certain of their  existing  or  announced  products
infringe certain of the Company's patents.

         In the event the Company desires to incorporate  third party technology
into its  products or is found to infringe  on others'  patents or  intellectual
property  rights,  the  Company  may be  required  to  license  such  patents or
intellectual  property rights.  The Company may also need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. The Company currently has patent cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,
Intel,  Samsung,  Sharp and  Toshiba.  From time to time,  the  Company has also
entered into discussions with other companies regarding potential  cross-license
agreements for the Company's  patents.  However,  there can be no assurance that
licenses  will be  offered  or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be
acceptable to the Company.  If the Company obtains  licenses from third parties,
it may be required to pay license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which could
have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  gross margins.  The failure to
obtain a license  from a third party for  technology  used by the Company  could
cause  the  Company  to  incur  substantial   liabilities  and  to  suspend  the
manufacture  of  products or the use by the  Company's  foundries  of  processes
requiring the technology,  or to expend  substantial  resources  redesigning its
products to  eliminate  the  infringement.  There can be no  assurance  that the
Company would be successful  in  redesigning  its products or that such licenses
would be available under reasonable terms. Furthermore,  any such development or
license  negotiations could require  substantial  expenditures of time and other
resources by the Company.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity  varies,  but may in some instances include  indemnification  for
damages and expenses,  including  attorneys'  fees. The Company may from time to
time be engaged in litigation as a result of such indemnification obligations.

         In its efforts to maintain the  confidentiality  and ownership of trade
secrets and other confidential  information,  the Company requires all employees
(regular and  temporary),  consultants,  foundry  partners,  certain  customers,
suppliers  and  partners to execute  confidentiality  and  invention  assignment
agreements upon  commencement  of a relationship  with the Company and extending
for a period of time beyond  termination  of the  relationship.  There can be no
assurance  that these  agreements  will provide  meaningful  protection  for the
Company's  trade  secrets  or other  confidential  information  in the  event of
unauthorized  use or  disclosure  of  such  information.  See  "Risk  Factors  -
Fluctuations in Operating Results."


                                       12
<PAGE>


Backlog

         The Company manufactures and markets primarily standard products. Sales
are generally made pursuant to standard purchase orders. The Company includes in
its backlog only those customer orders for which it has accepted purchase orders
and assigned  shipment dates within the following  twelve  months.  Since orders
constituting  the Company's  current  backlog are subject to changes in delivery
schedules,  backlog is not  necessarily  an  indication  of future  revenue.  In
addition,  there can be no assurance that the current  backlog will  necessarily
lead to revenues in any future  period.  As of December 31, 1997,  the Company's
total backlog was $18.6  million  compared to $5.8 million at December 31, 1996.
Bookings  visibility  continues  to be limited.  The Company  believes  that the
current situation will continue until the new markets addressed by the Company's
products  enter a more  predictable  growth  phase and  demand  begins to create
longer  lead  times.  See  "Item 1:  Business  Risk  Factors -  Fluctuations  in
Operating Results."

Competition

         The flash  data  storage  markets  in which the  Company  competes  are
characterized  by intense  competition,  rapid  technological  change,  evolving
industry  standards,  rapidly declining average selling prices and rapid product
obsolescence.   The  Company's  competitors  include  many  large  domestic  and
international  companies  that  have  greater  access  to  wafer  fab  capacity,
substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing  and other  resources,
broader product lines and longer standing  relationships with customers than the
Company.  The Company's primary competitors include flash chip producers such as
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ("AMD"),  Hitachi,  Intel, Micron Technology,  Inc.
("Micron"), Mitsubishi Electronic Corporation ("Mitsubishi"), Samsung, Sharp and
Toshiba,  other  companies  using data storage  techniques such as socket flash,
linear flash and system flash components,  as well as package assemblers such as
Lexar Media, Inc. ("Lexar"),  M-Systems,  Inc. ("M-Systems"),  Simple Technology
Inc. ("Simple"),  SMART Modular Technologies,  Inc. ("SMART Modular") and Viking
Components,  Inc.  ("Viking")  that combine  controllers  and flash memory chips
developed  by  others  into  flash  data  storage  cards.  Approximately  twenty
companies,  including Hitachi,  Lexar, Mitsubishi and Micron have been certified
by the CompactFlash  Association ("CFA") to manufacture and sell their own brand
of  CompactFlash,  and the Company believes that other  manufacturers  will also
seek  to  enter  the  CompactFlash  market  in the  future.  Competing  products
promoting  industry  standards that are different  from  SanDisk's  CompactFlash
product have been announced,  including Intel's Miniature Card,  Toshiba's Smart
Media  (Solid-State  Floppy Disk Card),  Sony  Corporation's  Memory Stick,  and
Panasonic's  recently  introduced Mega Storage cards. In addition,  in 1997 Sony
introduced a digital camera that has no flash memory and instead uses a standard
floppy  disk for  storing  pictures.  A  manufacturer  of digital  cameras  that
designs-in  any one of these  alternative  competing  standards  will  eliminate
CompactFlash from use in its product, as each competing standard is mechanically
and  electronically  incompatible with CompactFlash.  In addition,  in the third
quarter of 1997,  Intel  announced a 64Mbit  flash chip based on its  multilevel
cell  flash.  The  Company's  double  density  flash ("D2  flash")  and  Intel's
multilevel cell flash are competing  technological  innovations  that allow each
flash memory cell to store two bits of  information  instead of the  traditional
single bit stored by the industry standard flash  technology.  In November 1997,
Iomega  Corporation   ("Iomega")  announced  its  Clik  drive,  a  miniaturized,
mechanical,  removable disk drive that may compete directly with SanDisk's flash
card products.

         The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
competitors  and from other  companies that may enter the Company's  existing or
future  markets with similar or alternative  data storage  solutions that may be
less costly or provide additional features. Due to the high price sensitivity in
the  market  for  consumer  products,  aggressive  price  competition  has  been
experienced for these  applications.  Such  competition is expected to result in
lower gross  margins in the future,  as the  Company's  average  selling  prices
decrease faster than its costs and could result in lost sales.

         The Company  has entered  into  patent  cross-license  agreements  with
Hitachi,  Intel,  Samsung,  Sharp and Toshiba,  pursuant to which each party may
manufacture  and sell  products  that  incorporate  technology  covered  by each
party's  patents related to flash memory  devices.  As the Company  continues to
license its patents to certain of its competitors, competition will increase. As
a result of the above factors,  the Company expects to face  substantially  more
competition in the future than it has to date. Increased  competition could have
a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations. The Company believes that its

                                       13
<PAGE>


ability to compete  successfully  depends on a number of factors,  which include
price and quality,  product performance and availability,  success in developing
new  applications  for  system  flash  technology,  adequate  foundry  capacity,
efficiency of production,  timing of new product  announcements or introductions
by the Company, its customers and its competitors,  the ability of the Company's
competitors  to  incorporate   their  flash  data  storage  systems  into  their
customers'  products,  the number and nature of the Company's  competitors  in a
given market,  successful protection of intellectual property rights and general
market and economic conditions.  The Company believes that it competes favorably
with other  companies with respect to these  factors.  There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to compete successfully against current and future
competitors  or  that  competitive  pressures  faced  by the  Company  will  not
materially  adversely  affect its  business,  financial  condition or results of
operations. See "Risk Factors - Competition."

Employees

         As of  December  31,  1997,  the  Company  had 445  regular,  full-time
employees and 128 temporary employees, including 82 in research and development,
62 in  sales  and  marketing,  49 in  finance  and  administration  and  382  in
operations.  The  Company's  success  is  dependent  on  its  retention  of  key
technical,  sales and  marketing  employees  and  members of senior  management.
Additionally,  the Company's success is contingent on its ability to attract and
recruit skilled  employees in a very competitive  market.  None of the Company's
employees are represented by a collective  bargaining  agreement and the Company
has never experienced any work stoppage.  The Company believes that its employee
relations are good.

Risk Factors

         Fluctuations in Operating  Results.  SanDisk's  operating  results have
been and are  expected  to  continue  to be,  subject  to  quarterly  and annual
fluctuations  due to a variety of factors.  For example,  the Company's  product
revenues  increased  each quarter for the first three  quarters of 1996 and then
decreased in both the last quarter of 1996 and the first  quarter of 1997 before
increasing in each of the last three  quarters of 1997.  The  principal  factors
that have  caused  the  Company's  operating  results to  fluctuate  in the past
several quarters and may cause the Company's  operating  results to fluctuate in
the  future  are  the  unpredictable  demand  for  the  Company's  products  and
seasonality  in sales of products for  consumer  electronics  applications.  The
Company must order silicon wafers from its foundries several months prior to the
date such wafers are needed. If the Company  overestimates the number of silicon
wafers  it  needs  to  fill  product  orders  and  as  a  result  builds  excess
inventories,  gross margins and operating  results will be materially  adversely
affected. If the Company underestimates the number of silicon wafers required in
a particular  quarter and is unable to fulfill  customer  orders  promptly after
receipt of an order, the Company will risk losing potential sales and customers.
Since the Company is selling  CompactFlash,  its largest volume product, into an
emerging  consumer  market and is unable to  accurately  forecast  future sales,
there will be a material  adverse effect on the Company's  operating  results if
sales fall below the  Company's  expectations  in a  particular  quarter and the
Company is unable to reduce its operating expenses. The portion of the Company's
quarterly  sales  attributable  to orders  received  and  fulfilled  in the same
quarter  remains high and product order backlog  fluctuates  substantially  from
quarter to quarter. See "Seasonality" and "Dependence on Third Party Foundries."

         Other  factors  affecting  the  Company's  operating  results and gross
margins include the volume of product sales,  competitive pricing pressures, the
ability of the  Company to match  supply  with  demand,  changes in product  and
customer mix,  market  acceptance  of new or enhanced  versions of the Company's
products,  changes in the  channels  through  which the  Company's  products are
distributed,  timing  of new  product  announcements  and  introductions  by the
Company  and its  competitors,  the  timing  of  license  and  royalty  revenue,
fluctuations in product costs,  availability of foundry capacity,  variations in
manufacturing cycle time, fluctuations in manufacturing yields and manufacturing
utilization,  the ability of the Company to achieve  manufacturing  efficiencies
with its new and existing products, increased research and development expenses,
exchange rate fluctuations,  a significant  increase in the Company's  effective
tax rate in 1998 and changes in general economic conditions,  including economic
conditions in Asia.  All of these factors are difficult to forecast and these or
other factors can materially affect the Company's  quarterly or annual operating
results or gross margins.

                                       14
<PAGE>


         The Company  has  increased  its  expense  levels to support its recent
growth,  including  expenses  associated  with the  expansion  of the  Company's
in-house  assembly  and test  operations.  The  Company  expects to  continue to
increase  its  operating  expenses  by hiring  additional  personnel  to support
expected  growth,  increased  marketing  efforts  and  additional  research  and
development  activities.  If the Company  does not achieve  increased  levels of
revenues  commensurate with these increased levels of operating expenses,  or if
the Company's revenues decrease or do not meet the Company's  expectations for a
particular period, the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations will be materially adversely affected.

         The mix of the  Company's  products sold varies from quarter to quarter
and will vary in the future,  affecting the Company's  overall  average  selling
prices and gross margins.  In 1997,  the Company  experienced a shift in product
mix to  CompactFlash  cards that generally have lower average selling prices and
lower gross margins than higher capacity FlashDisk and FlashDrive products. This
shift in product mix,  coupled  with lower  pricing due to  competition,  caused
average selling prices to decline.  The Company  anticipates that lower capacity
products  will  continue  to  represent  a  significant  portion of its sales as
consumer applications such as digital cameras become more popular.

         The  Company has adopted a strategy of  cross-licensing  its patents to
other  manufacturers  of flash products.  Under such  arrangements,  the Company
earns license fees and royalties on terms that are individually negotiated.  The
timing of recognition  of revenues from these  payments  depends on the terms of
each  contract,  and, in some cases,  on the timing of product  shipments by the
third  parties.  As  a  result,  license  and  royalty  revenue  has  fluctuated
significantly  in the past and is likely to continue to fluctuate in the future.
Given the  relatively  high gross  margins  associated  with license and royalty
revenue,  gross margins and net income are likely to fluctuate more with changes
in license and royalty revenue than with changes in product revenue.

         Dependence on Emerging Markets and New Products.  The Company's success
depends to a significant extent upon the development of emerging markets and new
applications  for flash  data  storage  systems,  as well as on its  ability  to
introduce commercially  attractive and competitively priced products on a timely
basis. The Company believes that continued significant expenditures for research
and  development  will be  required in the future.  In  particular,  the Company
intends to develop new products with increased  memory  capacity at a lower cost
per  megabyte,  which the Company  believes  will be essential to its ability to
remain  competitive.  In November 1997,  the Company  introduced a new removable
storage card product family, the MultiMediaCard ("MMC"). MMC is targeted for the
emerging  markets  for  mobile  smart  phones,   advanced  pagers  and  consumer
multimedia devices.  MMC will initially be offered in storage capacities of 2MB,
4MB and 8MB. The Company does not expect to generate  material revenues from MMC
sales in 1998.  There can be no  assurance  that the Company  will  successfully
develop any of these new products,  that new  applications  or markets for flash
data storage will develop as expected by the Company, that prospective customers
developing products for any such markets will design the Company's products into
their products and  successfully  introduce  such products,  or that products or
technologies  developed  by others  will not render the  Company's  products  or
technologies  obsolete or  noncompetitive.  The failure of new  applications  or
markets to develop or the  failure of the  Company's  products to be accepted by
the market  would  have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

         Increasing Dependence on Consumer Products. In 1997, the portion of the
Company's   product  revenues  derived  from  sales  of  products  for  consumer
electronics applications,  principally digital cameras,  increased significantly
and over this period  represented  the largest  portion of product  revenues and
units shipped. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will achieve
large scale  market  acceptance  for its  products in the  consumer  electronics
market.  The Company  anticipates  that products sold for consumer  applications
will generally  encounter  intense  competition and will be more price sensitive
than products sold into its other target markets. In addition,  consumer markets
are more likely to experience  seasonality of sales, with potential  declines in
sales activity during the first quarter of any year. Because of the large number
of OEMs entering the digital camera  market,  it is likely that not all of these
manufacturers  will be  successful  in  achieving  market  acceptance  of  their
products. If SanDisk's OEM customers are not successful in this market, such OEM
customers  may have  excess  inventories  of  CompactFlash  products,  which may
preclude follow-on orders or result in sales of their  CompactFlash  inventories
in the open market.  In addition,  if market  acceptance  of digital  cameras is
slower than expected,  or if the market for CompactFlash becomes saturated,  the
Company may encounter reduced demand for

                                       15
<PAGE>


CompactFlash products,  declining average selling prices or product returns, any
of which would have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.

         The Company  anticipates that a greater  proportion of its sales to the
consumer  electronics market will be made through  distributors and to retailers
than  is the  case  with  the  industrial/communications  market.  This  will be
particularly  true if the level of  after-market  sales of flash memory products
increases. The Company is currently expending significant resources developing a
retail sales channel.  The  expenditures  associated  with this  development are
likely to precede the  realization  of  significant  sales through this channel.
Moreover,  the Company has no prior  experience in the development or management
of the retail channel or sales through such channel. In addition,  a significant
portion of retail sales for consumer  applications  will be made to distributors
and retail chains,  which typically  maintain rights to return unsold inventory.
As a result,  the Company does not expect to recognize revenues on sales to this
channel until after the products  have been sold to end users.  If the Company's
retail  customers are not successful in this market,  there could be substantial
product  returns to the  Company.  The  inability  to  successfully  develop and
effectively manage the retail sales channel could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Seasonality.  The  Company has  experienced  and expects to continue to
experience  seasonality in its product sales. In 1997, the Company's product mix
shifted towards CompactFlash  products,  which are sold principally for consumer
electronics applications. The Company anticipates that this trend will continue.
As a result,  the Company  expects that its product  sales will be  increasingly
impacted by seasonal purchasing  patterns,  with higher sales in the second half
of each year as compared to the first half of each such year.  In the past,  the
Company has  experienced  a reduction in order  quantities  in the first quarter
from Japanese OEM  customers,  reflecting  the fact that most customers in Japan
operate on a fiscal year ending in March and prefer to delay purchases until the
beginning of their next fiscal year. As a result of these  factors,  the Company
anticipates  that  revenue in the first  quarter of 1998 will  decline  from the
level in the fourth  quarter of 1997.  The Company  expects  that its  operating
expenses may continue to increase over this time period. Accordingly, a decrease
in revenues in any  quarter  would  adversely  impact the  Company's  results of
operations in that period.

         Competition.  The flash  data  storage  markets  in which  the  Company
competes are characterized by intense competition,  rapid technological  change,
evolving industry standards,  declining average selling prices and rapid product
obsolescence.   The  Company's  competitors  include  many  large  domestic  and
international   companies  that  have  greater   access  to  foundry   capacity,
substantially  greater  financial,  technical,  marketing  and other  resources,
broader product lines and longer standing  relationships with customers than the
Company.  The Company's primary competitors include flash chip producers such as
AMD, Hitachi,  Intel,  Micron,  Mitsubishi,  Samsung,  Sharp and Toshiba,  other
companies using data storage  techniques such as socket flash,  linear flash and
system flash  components,  as well as package or card  assemblers such as Lexar,
M-Systems,  Simple,  SMART Modular and Viking that combine controllers and flash
memory chips developed by others into flash storage cards.  Approximately twenty
companies,  including Hitachi,  Lexar, Mitsubishi and Micron have been certified
by the  CompactFlash  Association  to  manufacture  and sell  their own brand of
CompactFlash,  and the Company believes that other  manufacturers will also seek
to enter the CompactFlash  market in the future.  Competing  products  promoting
industry standards that are different from SanDisk's  CompactFlash  product have
been  announced,   including  Intel's  Miniature  Card,  Toshiba's  Smart  Media
(Solid-State Floppy Disk Card), Sony Corporation's Memory Stick, and Panasonic's
recently  introduced  Mega Storage cards. A manufacturer of digital cameras that
designs-in  any one of these  alternative  competing  standards  will  eliminate
CompactFlash from use in its product, as each competing standard is mechanically
and  electronically  incompatible with CompactFlash.  In addition,  in the third
quarter of 1997,  Intel  announced a 64Mbit  flash chip based on its  multilevel
cell  flash.  The  Company's  double  density  flash ("D2  flash")  and  Intel's
multilevel cell flash are competing  technological  innovations  that allow each
flash memory cell to store two bits of  information  instead of the  traditional
single bit stored by the industry standard flash  technology.  In November 1997,
Iomega  Corporation   ("Iomega")  announced  its  Clik  drive,  a  miniaturized,
mechanical,  removable disk drive that may compete directly with SanDisk's flash
card products.

         The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
competitors  and from other  companies that may enter the Company's  existing or
future  markets with similar or alternative  data storage  solutions that may be
less costly or provide additional features. Due to the high price sensitivity in
the market for consumer

                                       16
<PAGE>

products,   aggressive   price   competition  has  been  experienced  for  these
applications.  Such  competition is expected to result in lower gross margins in
the future,  if the Company's  average  selling prices  decrease faster than its
costs and could result in lost sales.

     The Company has entered into patent cross-license agreements with
Hitachi,  Intel,  Samsung,  Sharp and Toshiba,  pursuant to which each party may
manufacture and sell products that incorporate  technology  covered by the other
party's  patents related to flash memory  devices.  As the Company  continues to
license its patents to certain of its competitors, competition will increase. As
a result of the above factors,  the Company expects to face  substantially  more
competition in the future than it has to date. Increased  competition could have
a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results  of  operations.  The  Company  believes  that its  ability  to  compete
successfully  depends on a number of factors,  which  include price and quality,
product performance and availability, success in developing new applications for
system flash technology,  adequate foundry  capacity,  efficiency of production,
and timing of new product  announcements or  introductions  by the Company,  the
number and nature of the Company's  competitors  in a given  market,  successful
protection  of  intellectual  property  rights and general  market and  economic
conditions.  There can be no assurance  that the Company will be able to compete
successfully   against  current  and  future  competitors  or  that  competitive
pressures  faced  by the  Company  will  not  materially  adversely  affect  its
business, financial condition or results of operations.

         Declining  Average  Sales  Prices.  The  Company has  experienced,  and
expects to  continue  to  experience,  declining  average  sales  prices for its
products.  The flash data  storage  markets in which the  Company  competes  are
characterized by intense  competition.  Therefore,  the Company expects to incur
increasing  pricing pressures from its customers in future periods,  which could
result in declining average sales prices for the Company's  products.  To offset
declining  average sales prices,  the Company  believes that it must continue to
achieve  manufacturing  cost  reductions  as well as develop new  products  that
incorporate  advanced  features and can be sold at higher average gross margins.
If, however,  the Company is unable to achieve such cost reductions,  it may not
be able to remain price competitive,  resulting in lost sales, and the Company's
gross margins could decline,  each of which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Customer Concentration. A limited number of customers have historically
accounted  for a substantial  portion of the Company's  revenues and the Company
expects this trend to continue. The Company's 10 largest customers accounted for
67%, 71% and 80% of product revenues in 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. Sales
to the  Company's  customers are  generally  made pursuant to standard  purchase
orders  rather  than  long-term  contracts.  The  Company  has also  experienced
significant  changes in the  composition of its major customer base from year to
year and expects this variability to continue as certain  customers  increase or
decrease their  purchases of the Company's  products as a result of fluctuations
in  market  demand  for  such  customers'  products.  Under a joint  cooperation
agreement signed in January 1993, Seagate has the option to market the Company's
products  beginning in 1999 and, if  exercised,  the Company will be required to
coordinate sales with Seagate so that up to one-third of the Company's worldwide
net  revenues  could be generated  from sales of the  Company's  flash  products
through Seagate.

         Dependence  on Third Party  Foundries.  All of the  Company's  products
require silicon wafers,  which are currently supplied by Matsushita in Japan and
LG Semicon in Korea.  The Company has also entered into a wafer supply agreement
with NEC in Japan,  pursuant  to which the  Company  expects to receive  initial
wafer  shipments  in 1998.  In the third  quarter of 1997,  the Company  made an
investment  in USIC,  a  semiconductor  manufacturing  venture  headed by UMC in
Taiwan,  which has a fabrication  facility  currently  under  construction.  The
Company has arranged to receive  foundry wafers from a separate UMC  fabrication
facility during the construction of the USIC plant. The Company expects to begin
receiving  these  wafers in the first half of 1998.  The Company is dependent on
its  foundries  to allocate to the Company a portion of their  foundry  capacity
sufficient to meet the Company's needs, to produce wafers of acceptable  quality
and with  acceptable  manufacturing  yields and to deliver  those  wafers to the
Company on a timely basis. On occasion, the Company has experienced difficulties
in each of  these  areas.  The loss or  reduction  of  capacity  from any of its
foundry  suppliers or the inability to qualify or receive the anticipated  level
of capacity from any of its manufacturing partners could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
There  can be no  assurance  that the NEC  fabrication  facility  will  commence
shipments on schedule or that the USIC  facility will be completed or will begin
production as scheduled,  or that the processes  needed to fabricate  wafers for
the Company will be qualified at either facility. Moreover, there

                                       17
<PAGE>


can be no assurance that any of the Company's suppliers will be able to maintain
acceptable yields or deliver sufficient quantities of wafers on a timely basis.

         Under each of the  Company's  wafer supply  agreements,  the Company is
obligated to provide a monthly rolling forecast of anticipated  purchase orders.
Except in limited circumstances and subject to acceptance by the foundries,  the
estimates  for the first  three  months of each  forecast  constitute  a binding
commitment  and the  estimates  for the  remaining  months may not  increase  or
decrease by more than a certain  percentage from the previous month's  forecast.
These   restrictions  limit  the  Company's  ability  to  react  to  significant
fluctuations in demand for its products.  As a result,  the Company has not been
able to match its purchases of wafers to specific  customer orders and therefore
the Company has taken write downs for potential excess inventory purchased prior
to the  receipt of  customer  orders and may be required to do so in the future.
These  adjustments  decrease  gross  margins in the  quarter  reported  and have
resulted,  and could in the future result in  fluctuations in gross margins on a
quarter to quarter basis. To the extent the Company  inaccurately  forecasts the
number of wafers required,  it may have either a shortage or an excess supply of
wafers,  either of which could have a material  adverse  effect on the Company's
business,  financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally,  if the
Company is unable to obtain scheduled quantities of wafers from any foundry with
acceptable yields, the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations  could  be  negatively  impacted.   See  "Fluctuations  in  Operating
Results."

         Dependence on Sole Source Suppliers and Third Party Subcontractors. The
Company purchases several critical components from single or sole source vendors
for  which  alternative  sources  are  not  currently   available.   Even  where
alternative  suppliers  are  available,  a  significant  amount of time would be
required to qualify an additional vendor in the case of certain of the Company's
components.  The Company does not maintain  long-term supply agreements with any
of these vendors.  The inability to develop alternative sources for these single
or sole source components or to obtain sufficient quantities of these components
could result in delays or reductions in product  shipments which could adversely
affect the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of operations.
For example,  the Company  relies on  Motorola,  Inc.  ("Motorola")  as the sole
source of  microcontrollers,  which are  critical  components  in the  Company's
products. The sole source risk associated with microcontrollers from Motorola is
heightened  during  transitions from one generation of  microcontrollers  to the
next, given the limited safety stock available during these transitions.  In the
event Motorola were to discontinue  shipment of microcontrollers for any reason,
the time to design and qualify an alternative source would be approximately nine
to twelve  months.  The  Company's  reliance  on  Motorola as its sole source of
microcontrollers  exposes the Company to interruptions of supply that could have
a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

         The Company  uses  third-party  subcontractors  to assemble  the memory
components for its products and from time to time uses other  subcontractors  to
perform certain other assembly and test functions.  The Company has no long term
agreements with these  subcontractors.  With the  significant  increases in unit
shipments  in  1997,  the  Company  from  time  to  time  experienced   capacity
constraints  in the memory  assembly area. As a result of this reliance on third
party  subcontractors  for  assembly of a portion of its  products,  the Company
cannot directly  control product delivery  schedules,  which can lead to product
shortages or quality assurance problems that could increase  manufacturing costs
of the Company's products. Any problems associated with the delivery, quality or
cost of the  Company's  products  could  have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Risks  Associated  with  Transitioning  to New  Processes and Products.
Successive  generations  of the  Company's  products  incorporate  semiconductor
devices  with greater  memory  capacity  per chip.  In addition,  the Company is
continually  involved  in  joint  development  with  its  foundries  to  produce
semiconductor devices based upon smaller geometry manufacturing processes.  Both
the development of higher capacity  semiconductor devices and the implementation
of smaller geometry  manufacturing  processes are important  determinants of the
Company's  ability to decrease  the cost per  megabyte of its flash data storage
products.  The utilization of semiconductor devices with greater memory capacity
and the design and implementation of new semiconductor  manufacturing  processes
can  entail a  number  of  problems,  including  lower  yields  associated  with
semiconductor device production, problems associated with design and manufacture
of products to incorporate such devices,  and production delays.  Because of the
complexity of its products, the Company has periodically experienced significant
delays in the development and

                                       18
<PAGE>


volume  production  ramp up of its  products.  There  can be no  assurance  that
similar  delays will not occur in the future.  Any problems  experienced  by the
Company in its current or future  transitions to higher  capacity memory devices
or to new  semiconductor  manufacturing  processes could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

         The Company has developed new products based on D2 flash technology,  a
new flash  system  designed  to store two bits in each flash  memory  cell.  The
Company began low-volume  shipments of its 64Mbit D2 flash products in the third
quarter of 1997. The Company introduced its new 80Mbit D2 flash chip in November
1997 and expects to begin customer  shipments of products utilizing this chip in
the second half of 1998. The Company  experienced  delays in the production ramp
up of the 64Mbit D2 technology and has subsequently shifted its resources to the
qualification and production  startup of the second generation 80Mbit D2 design.
Consequently, product revenues from the 64Mbit D2 were not material in 1997. The
Company  believes  that D2 flash will be important to the  Company's  ability to
increase the capacity and decrease the cost of certain of its products, maintain
its  competitive  advantage,  broaden its target  markets and attract  strategic
partners.  High density flash memory,  such as D2 flash, is a complex technology
requiring tight manufacturing  controls and effective test screens. The shift to
volume production for new flash products is particularly prone to problems which
can impact both reliability and yields, thereby increasing  manufacturing costs.
There can be no assurance that reliable and cost effective D2 flash products can
be manufactured in commercial  volumes and with yields sufficient to result in a
lower cost per megabyte.  Furthermore, flash data storage products designed with
80Mbit D2 flash are expected to initially exhibit  approximately  one-quarter of
the write performance of the Company's  existing products when writing data into
memory, potentially limiting their use in certain applications,  such as digital
cameras.

         Manufacturing  Yields.  The fabrication of the Company's  products is a
complex  and precise  process  requiring  wafers  that are  produced in a highly
controlled and clean environment.  Semiconductor companies supplying the Company
with wafers  periodically have experienced  problems achieving  acceptable wafer
manufacturing yields.  Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a function both of
design technology,  which is developed by the Company,  and process  technology,
which is typically  proprietary  to the  foundry.  Because low yields may result
from errors in either design or process technology failures,  yield problems may
not be  effectively  determined or improved  until an actual product exists that
can be analyzed and tested to recognize process sensitivities in relation to the
design rules that were used. As a result,  yield  problems may not be identified
until the wafers are well into the  production  process.  This risk is increased
due to the fact that the Company receives its wafers from  independent  offshore
foundries,  increasing the effort and time required to identify, communicate and
resolve  manufacturing  yield  problems.  There  can be no  assurance  that  the
Company's foundries will achieve or maintain acceptable  manufacturing yields in
the future.  The  inability  of the Company to achieve  planned  yields from its
foundries  could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial condition and results of operations.

         Patents,  Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation. The Company relies
on a  combination  of patents,  trademarks,  copyright  and trade  secret  laws,
confidentiality   procedures   and   licensing   arrangements   to  protect  its
intellectual  property rights. The Company has been notified in the past and the
Company and its  foundries may be notified in the future of claims that they may
be  infringing  patents or other  intellectual  property  rights  owned by third
parties.  In the past the Company  has been  involved  in  significant  disputes
regarding its  intellectual  property  rights and believes it may be involved in
similar disputes in the future. There can be no assurance that in the future any
patents held by the Company will not be invalidated, that patents will be issued
for any of the Company's  pending  applications  or that any claims allowed from
existing or pending patents will be of sufficient scope or strength or be issued
in the primary  countries  where the  Company's  products can be sold to provide
meaningful protection or any commercial advantage to the Company.  Additionally,
competitors of the Company may be able to design around the Company's patents.

         To preserve its intellectual  property rights,  the Company believes it
may be  necessary  to initiate  litigation  against  one or more third  parties,
including but not limited to those the Company has already  notified of possible
patent  infringement.  In addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit
against the Company.  In the event of an adverse result in any such  litigation,
the Company could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture,
use and sale of infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop
non-infringing

                                       19
<PAGE>


technology,  discontinue the use of certain  processes or obtain licenses to the
infringing technology. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant,
would likely result in significant expense to the Company and divert the efforts
of the  Company's  technical  and  management  personnel,  whether  or not  such
litigation is ultimately  determined in favor of the Company.  In addition,  the
results of any litigation are inherently  uncertain.  For example,  in 1995, the
Company informed Samsung that the Company believed Samsung  infringed certain of
its patents.  In  response,  Samsung  filed a complaint  accusing the Company of
infringing  two of its  patents.  The  Company  then filed a  complaint  against
Samsung  with the United  States  International  Trade  Commission  (the  "ITC")
alleging that Samsung and its U.S. sales arm were importing and selling products
that infringed two of the Company's patents. After a hearing on this matter, the
ITC issued an order that both  SanDisk  patents  were valid and that Samsung had
infringed such patents, and prohibited the import, sale, marketing, distribution
or  advertising  of Samsung's  infringing  flash  memory  circuits in the United
States.  In August  1997,  the  Company and Samsung  entered  into a  settlement
agreement  resolving all aspects of this dispute,  pursuant to which the parties
agreed to  cross-license  certain patents and Samsung agreed to make license and
royalty  payments  to the  Company.  While the  Company  believes  it achieved a
favorable  result in this  matter,  the  expense  and  diversion  of  management
attention in connection with its resolution were substantial.  In addition,  the
Company has notified  several large flash  suppliers  that the Company  believes
certain  of  their  existing  or  announced  products  infringe  certain  of the
Company's patents.

         In the event the Company desires to incorporate  third party technology
into its  products or is found to infringe  on others'  patents or  intellectual
property  rights,  the  Company  may be  required  to  license  such  patents or
intellectual  property rights.  The Company may also need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. The Company currently has patent cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,
Intel,  Samsung,  Sharp and  Toshiba.  From time to time,  the  Company has also
entered into discussions with other companies regarding potential  cross-license
agreements for the Company's  patents.  However,  there can be no assurance that
licenses  will be  offered  or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be
acceptable to the Company.  If the Company obtains  licenses from third parties,
it may be required to pay license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which could
have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  gross margins.  The failure to
obtain a license  from a third party for  technology  used by the Company  could
cause  the  Company  to  incur  substantial   liabilities  and  to  suspend  the
manufacture  of  products or the use by the  Company's  foundries  of  processes
requiring the technology,  or to expend  substantial  resources  redesigning its
products to  eliminate  the  infringement.  There can be no  assurance  that the
Company would be successful  in  redesigning  its products or that such licenses
would be available under reasonable terms. Furthermore,  any such development or
license  negotiations could require  substantial  expenditures of time and other
resources by the Company.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity varies, but may, in some instances,  include  indemnification for
damages and expenses,  including  attorneys'  fees. The Company may from time to
time be engaged in litigation as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.
Third party claims for patent  infringement are excluded from coverage under the
Company's  insurance  policies.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  any  future
obligation to indemnify the  Company's  customers or suppliers,  will not have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations. See "Item 1: Business - Patents and Licenses."

         Risks Associated with International  Operations.  In 1997, export sales
accounted for  approximately  57% of the Company's  total  revenues.  All of the
Company's  wafers  are,  and for the  foreseeable  future  will be,  produced by
foundries  located  outside the United  States.  Because  the Company  currently
purchases  the majority of its flash  wafers in Japanese Yen at set prices,  and
bills  certain  customers in Japanese  Yen,  fluctuations  in  currencies  could
materially  adversely  affect the Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations. In addition, gains and losses on the conversion to United
States  dollars of accounts  receivable,  accounts  payable  and other  monetary
assets and liabilities  arising from international  operations may contribute to
fluctuations  in the  Company's  results  of  operations.  Because  sales of the
Company's  products  have been  denominated  to date  primarily in United States
dollars,  increases in the value of the United States dollar could  increase the
price of the Company's products so that they become relatively more expensive to
customers in the local currency of a particular country,  leading to a reduction
in sales and profitability in that country. Given the recent economic conditions
in Asia and the weakness of many Asian currencies  relative to the United States
dollar,  the Company's  products may be relatively more expensive in Asia, which
could result in a decrease in the  Company's  sales in that  region.  Due to its
reliance on

                                       20
<PAGE>


export sales and its  dependence  on foundries  outside the United  States,  the
Company  is  subject  to  the  risks  of  conducting  business  internationally,
including foreign government  regulation and general  geopolitical risks such as
political  and  economic  instability,  potential  hostilities  and  changes  in
diplomatic  and trade  relationships.  Manufacturing  and sales of the Company's
products may also be materially adversely affected by factors such as unexpected
changes in, or  imposition  of,  regulatory  requirements,  tariffs,  import and
export restrictions and other barriers and restrictions,  longer payment cycles,
greater difficulty in accounts  receivable  collection,  potentially adverse tax
consequences,  the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and other
factors beyond the Company's control.  In addition,  the laws of certain foreign
countries in which the Company's products are or may be developed,  manufactured
or sold,  including  various  countries in Asia,  may not protect the  Company's
intellectual  property  rights to the same  extent as do the laws of the  United
States and thus make piracy of the Company's products a more likely possibility.
There can be no assurance  that these  factors will not have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations.

         Management  of Growth.  The Company has  recently  experienced  and may
continue to experience  rapid growth,  which has placed,  and could  continue to
place,  a  significant  strain  on the  Company's  limited  personnel  and other
resources. To manage such growth effectively,  the Company will need to continue
to implement and improve its operational,  financial and management  information
systems and to hire,  train,  motivate and manage its employees.  In particular,
the Company has recently experienced difficulty in hiring the engineering, sales
and  marketing  personnel  necessary  to  support  the  growth of the  Company's
business.  Competition  for such  personnel  is  intense,  and  there  can be no
assurance  that the Company will be successful in attracting  and retaining such
personnel  or that the Company  will be able to manage such growth  effectively.
The Company's ability to manage its growth will require a significant investment
in and  expansion of its existing  internal  information  management  systems to
support  increased  manufacturing,   accounting  and  other  management  related
functions.  The Company is in the process of  replacing  its  existing  in-house
information  system. The implementation of the new system will impact almost all
phases of the Company's operations (i.e., planning,  manufacturing,  finance and
accounting).  The new system is currently scheduled to become operational in the
second  half of  1998.  There  can be no  assurance  that the  Company  will not
experience  problems,  delays or unanticipated  additional costs in implementing
the new management  information system or in the use of its existing system that
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations, particularly in the period in which the new
system is brought online.  In addition,  the Company  recently  brought in-house
certain assembly  operations that were previously  performed by outside vendors.
The Company has limited  experience in performing  these functions and there can
be no assurance it will be able successfully integrate these operations into its
manufacturing  process. In addition,  if the Company  experiences  problems with
these in-house  operations,  it may be difficult to quickly  substitute  outside
vendors.  The failure of the Company to successfully  manage any of these issues
would  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition and results of operations.

         Dependence  on  Key  Personnel.  The  Company's  success  depends  to a
significant  degree upon the  continued  contributions  of members of its senior
management  and  other  key  research  and  development,  sales,  marketing  and
operations personnel,  including,  in particular,  Dr. Eli Harari, the Company's
founder,  President and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of any of such persons
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial
condition  and results of  operations.  The Company does not have an  employment
agreement or non-competition  agreement with any of its employees.  See "Item 1:
Business - Employees" and "Management."

         Volatility  of Stock  Price.  There has been a history  of  significant
volatility  in the market  prices of the  Company's  Common  Stock on the Nasdaq
National Market,  and it is likely that the market price of the Company's Common
Stock will continue to be subject to significant  fluctuations.  For example, in
1997,  the Company's  stock price  fluctuated  from a low of $8 7/8 to a high of
$40. The Company believes that future announcements  concerning the Company, its
competitors or its principal customers, including technological innovations, new
product  introductions,  governmental  regulations,  litigation  or  changes  in
earnings  estimated by analysts,  may cause the market price of the Common Stock
to fluctuate  substantially in the future.  Sales of substantial  amounts of the
Company's  outstanding  Common  Stock  in the  public  market  could  materially
adversely affect the market price of the Common Stock.  Further, in recent years
the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
particularly  affected  the  market  prices  of equity  securities  of many high
technology  companies  and that  often  have  been  unrelated  to the  operating
performance of such companies. These fluctuations as well as general

                                       21
<PAGE>


economic,  political and market  conditions such as recessions or  international
currency  fluctuations,  may materially adversely affect the market price of the
Common Stock. See "Price Range of Common Stock."

         Year 2000  Compliance.  Many currently  installed  computer systems and
software  products  are coded to accept only two digit  entries in the date code
field.  These  date code  fields  will  need to accept  four  digit  entries  to
distinguish  21st  century  dates from 20th  century  dates.  As a result,  many
companies'  software and computer systems may need to be upgraded or replaced in
order to comply with such "Year  2000"  requirements.  Certain of the  Company's
internal computer systems are not Year 2000 compliant,  and the Company utilizes
third-party  equipment  and software  that may not be Year 2000  compliant.  The
Company has  commenced  actions to correct such  internal  systems and is in the
early stages of conducting an audit of its third-party suppliers as to Year 2000
compliance of their systems.  Failure of the Company's internal computer systems
or of such third-party  equipment or software,  or of systems  maintained by the
Company's  suppliers,  to  operate  properly  with  regard  to the Year 2000 and
thereafter could require the Company to incur  unanticipated  expenses to remedy
any  problems,  which  could have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, the purchasing
patterns of customers or potential customers may be affected by Year 2000 issues
as companies expend  significant  resources to correct their current systems for
Year 2000 compliance.  These  expenditures may result in reduced funds available
to purchase the Company's  products,  which could have a material adverse effect
on the  Company's  business,  operating  results and  financial  condition.  See
"Industry Background."

         Effect of Anti-Takeover  Provisions.  The Company has taken a number of
actions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover attempt that might
be  beneficial  to  stockholders  who wish to receive a premium for their shares
from a potential bidder.  The Company has adopted a Shareholder Rights Plan that
would cause substantial dilution to a person who attempts to acquire the Company
on terms not  approved by the  Company's  Board of  Directors.  The  Shareholder
Rights Plan may therefore  have the effect of delaying or preventing  any change
in  control  and  deterring  any  prospective  acquisition  of the  Company.  In
addition,  the  Company's  Certificate  of  Incorporation  grants  the  Board of
Directors the authority to issue up to 4,000,000  shares of Preferred  Stock and
to determine  the price,  rights,  preferences  and  privileges  of those shares
without any further vote or action by the Company's stockholders.  The rights of
the holders of Common  Stock will be subject to, and may be  adversely  affected
by, the  rights of the  holders  of any  shares of  Preferred  Stock that may be
issued in the future. While the Company has no present intention to issue shares
of Preferred  Stock,  such issuance,  while providing  desirable  flexibility in
connection with possible  acquisitions and other corporate purposes,  could have
the effect of making it more  difficult or less  attractive for a third party to
acquire  a  majority  of the  outstanding  voting  stock  of the  Company.  Such
Preferred Stock may also have other rights,  including economic rights senior to
the Common Stock,  and, as a result,  the issuance thereof could have a material
adverse effect on the market value of the Common Stock. Furthermore, the Company
is subject  to the  anti-takeover  provisions  of  Section  203 of the  Delaware
General  Corporation  Law  ("Section  203"),  which  prohibits  the company from
engaging in a "business  combination"  with an  "interested  stockholder"  for a
period of three  years  after the date of the  transaction  in which the  person
first becomes an "interested  stockholder,"  unless the business  combination is
approved in a prescribed  manner. The application of Section 203 also could have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of the Company.

ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

         The Company's  principal  facilities are presently located in a 104,000
square foot building in  Sunnyvale,  California.  Approximately  one half of the
space is dedicated to production  activities.  The  remaining  space is used for
administrative,  marketing and development activities. The Company occupies this
space under a lease  agreement  that expires in July 2001.  The Company has also
entered into a lease agreement for an adjacent 50,000 square foot building.  The
lease on this  additional  space will  commence  in July 1998 and expire in July
2001. The Company believes that its facilities will be adequate to meet its near
term needs and that additional space will be available as required.  The Company
also leases  domestic sales offices in Herndon,  Virginia;  Irvine,  California;
Branford,  Connecticut;  Dublin, Ohio and Maitland,  Florida, as well as foreign
sales  offices in Hannover,  Germany;  Yokohama,  Japan;  Hong Kong and a design
center in Tefen, Israel.

                                       22
<PAGE>


ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         To preserve its intellectual  property rights,  the Company believes it
may be  necessary  to initiate  litigation  against  one or more third  parties,
including but not limited to those the Company has already  notified of possible
patent  infringement.  In addition,  one or more of these parties may bring suit
against the Company.  In the event of an adverse result in any such  litigation,
the Company could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture,
use and sale of infringing  products,  expend  significant  resources to develop
non-infringing  technology or obtain licenses to the infringing  technology,  or
discontinue the use of certain processes. Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff
or as a defendant, would likely result in significant expense to the Company and
divert the efforts of the Company's technical and management personnel,  whether
or not such  litigation  is ultimately  determined  in favor of the Company.  In
addition,  the results of any litigation are inherently uncertain.  For example,
in 1995,  the  Company  informed  Samsung  that  the  Company  believed  Samsung
infringed  certain  of its  patents.  In  response,  Samsung  filed a  complaint
accusing the Company of infringing two of its patents.  The Company then filed a
complaint against Samsung with the United States  International Trade Commission
(the "ITC")  alleging  that Samsung and its U.S.  sales arm were  importing  and
selling products that infringed two of the Company's patents. After a hearing on
this matter,  the ITC issued an order that both  SanDisk  patents were valid and
that Samsung had  infringed  such  patents,  and  prohibited  the import,  sale,
marketing,  distribution  or  advertising of Samsung's  infringing  flash memory
circuits in the United States.  In August 1997, the Company and Samsung  entered
into a settlement  agreement resolving all aspects of this dispute,  pursuant to
which the parties agreed to cross-license  certain patents and Samsung agreed to
make license and royalty payments to the Company.  While the Company believes it
achieved a  favorable  result in this  matter,  the  expense  and  diversion  of
management  attention in connection  with its resolution  were  substantial.  In
addition,  the Company has  notified  several  large  flash  suppliers  that the
Company  believes  certain of their  existing  or  announced  products  infringe
certain of the Company's patents.

         In the event the Company desires to incorporate  third party technology
into its  products or is found to infringe  on others'  patents or  intellectual
property  rights,  the  Company  may be  required  to  license  such  patents or
intellectual  property rights.  The Company may also need to license some or all
of its patent  portfolio to be able to obtain  cross-licenses  to the patents of
others. The Company currently has patent cross-license  agreements with Hitachi,
Intel,  Samsung,  Sharp and  Toshiba.  From time to time,  the  Company has also
entered into discussions with other companies regarding potential  cross-license
agreements for the Company's  patents.  However,  there can be no assurance that
licenses  will be  offered  or that the terms of any  offered  licenses  will be
acceptable to the Company.  If the Company obtains  licenses from third parties,
it may be required to pay license  fees or make  royalty  payments,  which could
have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  gross margins.  The failure to
obtain a license  from a third party for  technology  used by the Company  could
cause  the  Company  to  incur  substantial   liabilities  and  to  suspend  the
manufacture  of  products or the use by the  Company's  foundries  of  processes
requiring the technology,  or to expend  substantial  resources  redesigning its
products to  eliminate  the  infringement.  There can be no  assurance  that the
Company would be successful  in  redesigning  its products or that such licenses
would be available under reasonable terms. Furthermore,  any such development or
license  negotiations could require  substantial  expenditures of time and other
resources by the Company.

         As is common in the industry,  the Company agrees to indemnify  certain
of its suppliers and customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of
such indemnity varies, but may, in some instances,  include  indemnification for
damages and expenses,  including  attorneys'  fees. The Company may from time to
time be engaged in litigation as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.
Third party claims for patent  infringement are excluded from coverage under the
Company's  insurance  policies.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  any  future
obligation to indemnify the  Company's  customers or suppliers,  will not have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations. See "Business - Patents and Licenses."



ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No  matters  were  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders  during the fourth
quarter of 1997.

                                       23
<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    As of December  31, 1997,  the  executive  officers of the Company,  who are
elected  by and  serve  at the  discretion  of the  Board of  Directors,  are as
follows:

Name             Age             Position

Dr. Eli Harari    52  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Cindy Burgdorf    50  Chief  Financial  Officer,   Senior  Vice  President,
                      Finance  and Administration and Secretary
Leon Malmed       60  Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales
Daniel Auclair    51  Senior  Vice  President,   Business   Development  and
                      Intellectual Property
Marianne Jackson  42  Vice President, Human Resources

    Dr.  Harari,  the founder of the Company,  has served as President and Chief
Executive  Officer and as a director of the Company since June 1988.  Dr. Harari
founded Wafer Scale Integration, a privately held semiconductor company, in 1983
and was its  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  from  1983 to 1986,  and
Chairman and Chief  Technical  Officer from 1986 to 1988. From 1973 to 1983, Dr.
Harari held various  management  positions with Honeywell Inc., Intel and Hughes
Aircraft  Microelectronics.  Dr.  Harari  holds a Ph.D.  degree  in Solid  State
Sciences from Princeton University.

    Ms. Burgdorf joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer,  Vice President,
Finance  and  Secretary  in June 1994 and has served as Senior  Vice  President,
Finance and Administration  since July 1995. From 1992 to 1994, Ms. Burgdorf was
Vice President of Operations  Administration and Vice President of Materials and
Planning  at Maxtor  Corp.  ("Maxtor").  From 1978 to 1992,  Ms.  Burgdorf  held
various financial  management  positions including Corporate  Controller,  Group
Controller  of the  Components  Group and  director  of the  worldwide  customer
satisfaction program at Intel. Ms. Burgdorf is a Certified Public Accountant and
holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from San Jose State University.

    Mr. Malmed  joined the Company as Vice  President,  Worldwide  Marketing and
Sales in December  1992 and has served as Senior Vice  President,  Marketing and
Sales  since  July  1995.  From 1991 to 1992,  Mr.  Malmed  was  Executive  Vice
President of  Marketing/Sales  at SyQuest  Technology,  Inc., a manufacturer  of
removable-cartridge  disk drives.  From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Malmed was Senior Vice
President,  Sales and  Marketing  at  Prairetek,  Inc., a  manufacturer  of disk
drives.  From 1983 to 1990,  Mr.  Malmed held  various  management  positions at
Maxtor.  Mr.  Malmed  holds a B.S.  degree in  Mechanical  Engineering  from the
University of Paris.

    Mr. Auclair has served as Vice President,  Systems  Engineering from 1990 to
June 1993,  Vice  President,  Engineering  and Technology from June 1993 to July
1995, Senior Vice President, Operations and Technology July 1995 to January 1998
and has served as Senior Vice President  Business  Development and  Intellectual
Property  since January 1998.  From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Auclair was Vice President
of Engineering at Anamartic,  a company that utilizes wafer scale  technology to
build  DRAM mass  storage  systems.  From  1984 to 1988,  Mr.  Auclair  was Vice
President and General Manager of the OMTI division of Scientific  Micro Systems,
a  supplier  of disk  controllers  and disk  controller  chips to the disk drive
industry.  Mr.  Auclair  holds a B.S.  degree in  Engineering  Physics  from the
University of Maine and an M.S.  degree in Computer  Science from the University
of Santa Clara.

    Ms.  Jackson has served as Vice  President  of Human  Resources  since April
1995.  From  September  1994 to March 1995,  Ms.  Jackson was  President of M.F.
Jackson and  Associates,  a consulting  firm that  provided  human  resource and
organizational  development consulting services.  From 1993 to 1994, Ms. Jackson
served as Vice  President of  Worldwide  Human  Resources  at Logitech,  Inc., a
leading  manufacturer of computer  accessories and software  products.  Prior to
1993, Ms. Jackson was Director of Human Resources at Silicon Graphics,  Inc. and
Sun  Microsystems,  Inc.  Ms.  Jackson  holds  B.A.  degrees in  Psychology  and
Sociology from the University of California at Santa Barbara.

                                       24
<PAGE>



                                     PART II


ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
              RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Market Price of Common Stock

    The Company's Common Stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol SNDK.  SanDisk's initial public offering of stock was November 8, 1995 at
$10.00 per share.  The  following  table  lists the high and low sales price for
each quarter during the last two years.

                                  High                Low
Fiscal year 1996
   First quarter                   $21.75             $12.00
   Second quarter                  $17.00             $10.625
   Third quarter                   $16.25              $9.625
   Fourth quarter                  $16.125            $11.25
Fiscal year 1997
   First quarter                   $13.875             $8.875
   Second quarter                  $14.875             $9.625
   Third quarter                   $36.625            $14.75
   Fourth quarter                  $40.00             $15.75

    As of March 2, 1998,  there were  approximately  251 stockholders of record.
The Company has never  declared or paid any cash  dividends  on its Common Stock
and does not expect to pay cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. In addition,  the Company's existing line of credit agreement  currently
prohibits the payment of cash dividends without the bank's consent.  The Company
currently intends to retain its earnings, if any, for use in its business.

                                       25
<PAGE>


ITEM 6:  SANDISK CORPORATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
           (In thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>


<S>                                     <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Year Ended December 31,                     1997       1996       1995        1994        1993
                                        --------   --------   --------    --------    --------
Revenues

  Product                               $105,675   $ 89,599   $ 61,589    $ 35,378    $ 20,551
  License and royalty                     19,578      8,000      1,250          --          --
                                        --------   --------   --------    --------    --------
Total revenues                           125,253     97,599     62,839      35,378      20,551


Cost of revenues                          72,280     58,707     36,613      28,074      18,941
                                        --------   --------   --------    --------    --------
Gross profits                             52,973     38,892     26,226       7,304       1,610


Operating income (loss)                   19,680     12,474      7,777      (4,781)    (10,243)

Net income (loss)                         19,839     14,485      9,065      (4,287)     (9,990)


Net income (loss) per share
  (pro forma for 1995 and 1994)

     Basic                                 $0.87      $0.65      $0.48      ($0.25)
     Diluted                               $0.79      $0.60      $0.45      ($0.25)

Shares used in per share calculations
  (pro forma for 1995 and 1994)

     Basic                                22,880     22,162     18,747      17,463
     Diluted                              24,970     24,206     20,328      17,463



At December 31,                             1997       1996       1995        1994        1993
                                        --------   --------   --------    --------    --------
Working capital                         $134,298   $ 77,029   $ 68,002    $ 20,971    $ 25,266
Total assets                             245,467    108,268     92,147      31,861      32,594
Long term debt, less current portion          --         --         --          93         621
Total stockholders' equity               191,374     87,810     72,381      23,672      27,862

<FN>
The Company is restricted in paying cash  dividends  under the terms of its line
of credit agreement and paid no cash dividends during the five-year period. (See
Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements)

The net income  (loss) per share  amounts  prior to 1997 have been  restated  to
comply with Statement of Financial  Standards No. 128,  Earnings Per Share.  For
further  discussion  of earnings per share and the impact of Statement  No. 128,
see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Statements of  operations  for years prior to 1994 exclude  historical  loss per
share as it was not presented in the initial public registration statement.

See Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements and Management's  Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
</FN>
</TABLE>



                                       26
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA

Quarterly/1997
(Unaudited. In thousands except per share data)
                              1st           2nd          3rd          4th
                          -------       -------      -------      -------
Revenues

  Product                 $18,194       $23,922      $30,219      $33,340
  License and royalty       3,250         3,425        5,925        6,978
                          -------       -------      -------      -------
Total revenues             21,444        27,347       36,144       40,318


Gross profits               8,479        10,972       16,009       17,513
Operating income            1,540         3,391        7,233        7,516
Net income                  2,125         3,690        6,802        7,222

Net income per share
     Basic                  $0.09         $0.16        $0.30        $0.30
     Diluted                $0.09         $0.15        $0.27        $0.27


Quarterly/1996
Unaudited. (In thousands except per share data)

                              1st           2nd          3rd          4th
                          -------        -------      -------     -------
Revenues
  Product                 $19,489        $23,312      $24,798     $22,000
  License and royalty       1,250          1,250        1,250       4,250
                          -------        -------      -------     -------
Total revenues             20,739         24,562       26,048      26,250

Gross profits               8,017          9,505       10,289      11,081
Operating income            2,498          2,872        3,114       3,990
Net income                  3,054          3,405        3,643       4,383
Net income per share
     Basic                  $0.14          $0.15        $0.16       $0.20
     Diluted                $0.13          $0.14        $0.15       $0.18




                                       27
<PAGE>


ITEM 7:  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

    Certain  statements  in this  discussion  and analysis  are forward  looking
statements  based  on  current  expectations,   and  entail  various  risks  and
uncertainties  that could cause actual results to differ  materially  from those
expressed in such forward looking  statements.  Such risks and uncertainties are
set forth in "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors." The following  discussion should
be read in conjunction with the Company's  consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto.

Overview

    The Company was  founded in 1988 to develop  and market  flash data  storage
systems.  The  Company  sells  its  products  to the  consumer  electronics  and
industrial/communications  markets. During the course of 1997, the percentage of
the Company's  product sales  attributable to the consumer  electronics  market,
particularly  sales of  CompactFlash  for use in  digital  camera  applications,
increased substantially.  This increase in sales to the consumer market resulted
in a shift to lower  capacity  products,  which  typically  have  lower  average
selling  prices and gross margins than higher  capacity  products.  In addition,
these products are frequently  sold into the retail  channel,  which usually has
shorter  customer order  lead-times than the other channels used by the Company,
thereby   decreasing  the  Company's  ability  to  accurately   forecast  future
production needs. Subject to market acceptance of its CompactFlash products, the
Company  believes  these  products  will continue to represent a majority of the
Company's sales as the popularity of consumer  applications,  including  digital
cameras,  increases. The percentage of sales attributable to orders received and
fulfilled in the same  quarter has  increased  over time and, in  response,  the
Company is continuing to work to shorten its manufacturing cycle times.

    The  Company's  operating  results  are  affected  by a  number  of  factors
including  the  volume of  product  sales,  the  timing of  significant  orders,
competitive  pricing pressures,  the ability of the Company to match supply with
demand,  changes  in product  and  customer  mix,  market  acceptance  of new or
enhanced  versions of the Company's  products,  changes in the channels  through
which  the   Company's   products  are   distributed,   timing  of  new  product
announcements and  introductions by the Company and its competitors,  the timing
of license and royalty revenues,  fluctuations in product costs, availability of
foundry  capacity,  variations in  manufacturing  cycle times,  fluctuations  in
manufacturing  yields and  manufacturing  utilization,  increased  research  and
development  expenses,  exchange rate fluctuations,  and an expected significant
increase  in the  Company's  effective  tax rate in 1998.  In  addition,  as the
proportion  of the  Company's  products  sold  for use in  consumer  electronics
applications  increases,  the Company's  revenues may become subject to seasonal
declines in the first quarter of each year. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors
- - Fluctuations in Operating Results" and "- Seasonality."

    Beginning  in late 1995,  the Company  adopted a strategy of  licensing  its
flash  technology,  including  its patent  portfolio,  to  selected  third party
manufacturers  of flash  products.  To date, the Company has entered into patent
cross-license  agreements  with five major  companies,  and it intends to pursue
opportunities to enter into additional  licenses.  The Company's current license
agreements provide for the payment of license fees, royalties,  or a combination
thereof,  to the  Company.  The  timing and  amount of these  payments  can vary
substantially from quarter to quarter,  depending on the terms of each agreement
and, in some cases,  the timing of sales of products by the other parties.  As a
result,  license and royalty revenues have fluctuated  significantly in the past
and are likely to continue to fluctuate in the future. Given the relatively high
gross margins  associated with license and royalty  revenues,  gross margins and
net income are likely to  fluctuate  more with  changes in license  and  royalty
revenues than with changes in product revenues.

    SanDisk   markets  its   products   using  a  direct   sales   organization,
distributors,  manufacturers' representatives,  private label partners, OEMs and
retailers.  The  Company  expects  that sales  through the retail  channel  will
comprise  an  increasing  share  of total  revenues  in the  future,  and that a
substantial  portion  of its  sales  into  the  retail  channel  will be made to
participants  that will have the right to return  unsold  products.  The Company
does not expect to  recognize  revenues  from these sales until the products are
sold to the end customers. See "Item 1: Business - Sales and Distribution."

                                       28
<PAGE>


    Historically,  a  majority  of the  Company's  sales  have been to a limited
number of customers.  Product sales to the Company's top 10 customers  accounted
for  approximately  67%, 71% and 80%,  respectively,  of the  Company's  product
revenues for 1997, 1996 and 1995. The Company expects that sales of its products
to a limited  number of  customers  will  continue to account for a  substantial
portion of its product revenues for the foreseeable future. The Company has also
experienced  significant  changes in the  composition  of its customer base from
year to year and expects  this  pattern to  continue  as market  demand for such
customers' products fluctuates.  For example, during the fourth quarter of 1996,
the volume of large OEM orders decreased due to the timing of customers' product
introductions.  The loss of, or  significant  reduction  in  purchases  by major
customers,  could  have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,
financial  condition  and results of  operations.  See "Item 1:  Business - Risk
Factors - Customer Concentration" and "Business - Sales and Distribution."

    Due to the  emerging  nature of the  Company's  markets and certain  planned
product transitions, the Company has had difficulty forecasting future inventory
levels  required  to meet  customer  demand.  As a  result  of both  contractual
obligations and manufacturing cycle time, the Company has been required to order
wafers from its foundries  several months in advance of the ultimate shipment of
its products.  Under the Company's wafer supply agreements,  there are limits on
the number of wafers the Company can order and the  Company's  ability to change
that quantity is  restricted.  Accordingly,  the  Company's  ability to react to
significant fluctuations in demand for its products is limited. As a result, the
Company has not been able to match its purchases of wafers to specific  customer
orders and  therefore  the  Company  has from time to time taken write downs for
potential  excess  inventory  purchased prior to the receipt of customer orders.
These  adjustments  decrease  gross  margins in the  quarter  reported  and have
resulted,  and could in the future result, in fluctuations in gross margins on a
quarter to quarter basis. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors - Fluctuations in
Operating Results."

    Export sales are an important part of the Company's  business,  constituting
57%,  55% and 57% of the  Company's  total  revenues  in 1997,  1996  and  1995,
respectively.  In 1997, 38% of the Company's product revenues came from sales to
Japan and 4% from  other  Asian  countries.  While a majority  of the  Company's
revenues  from sales to Asian  countries are derived from OEM customers who plan
to export their products to countries outside of Asia, the Asian economic crisis
may adversely  effect the  Company's  revenues to the extent that demand for the
Company's  products in Asia declines.  Given the recent  economic  conditions in
Asia and the  weakness of many Asian  currencies  relative to the United  States
dollar,  the Company's  products may be relatively more expensive in Asia, which
could result in a decrease in the  Company's  sales in that region.  The Company
may also experience pressure on its gross margins as a result of increased price
competition  from  Asian  competitors.  While  most of the  Company's  sales are
denominated in U.S. Dollars,  the Company invoices certain Japanese customers in
Japanese Yen and is subject to exchange rate fluctuations on these transactions.
To date, a  significant  portion of the  Company's  purchases  of wafers,  which
constitute a significant  part of its cost of goods sold, have been  denominated
in Japanese  Yen.  While this  percentage  has been  decreasing,  exchange  rate
fluctuations can affect the Company's business,  financial condition and results
of operations. See "Item 1: Business - Risk Factors - International Operations."

    For the  foreseeable  future,  the Company  expects to realize a significant
portion of its revenues from recently introduced and new products. Typically new
products  initially have lower gross margins than more mature  products  because
the manufacturing yields are lower at the start of manufacturing each successive
product generation. In addition, manufacturing yields are generally lower at the
start of  manufacturing  any product at a new foundry,  such as NEC and USIC. To
remain competitive, the Company is focusing on a number of programs to lower its
manufacturing  costs. These include  transitioning from single to double density
flash designs, from 0.5 to 0.4 micron manufacturing processes, and from six inch
to eight inch  wafers.  These  transitions  are  expected to occur over the next
several quarters. As a result of these factors, the Company expects that product
gross margins may decline in the near term from the levels  experienced in 1997,
and product  gross  margins are  expected to be subject to  fluctuation  for the
foreseeable  future.  Moreover,  there can be no assurance that such products or
processes will be successfully  developed by the Company or that  development of
such  processes  will  lower  manufacturing  costs.  In  addition,  the  Company
anticipates  that price  competition  will  increase in the  future,  which will
likely result in decreased  average selling prices and lower gross margins.  See
"Item 1: Business Risk Factors  -Manufacturing  Yields" and "- Declining Average
Sales Prices."


                                       29
<PAGE>


    The Company is aware of problems  associated  with  computer  systems as the
year 2000  approaches.  Year 2000  problems  are the  result of common  computer
programming techniques that result in systems that do not function properly when
manipulating  dates later than December 31, 1999.  The issue is complex and wide
ranging.  The problem may affect transaction  processing  computer  applications
used by the Company for accounting,  distribution,  manufacturing, and planning.
The problem may also affect embedded systems such as building  security systems,
machine controllers and production test equipment. Year 2000 problems with these
systems may affect the ability or efficiency  with which the company can perform
many  significant  functions,  including  but not limited to: order  processing,
material  planning,  product assembly,  product test,  invoicing,  and financial
reporting.  In addition,  the problem may affect the computer systems of vendors
and  customers,  disrupting  their  operations.  Year  2000  problems  with  the
Company's  business  partners  may  impact the  company's  sources of supply and
demand.

    The Company is  currently in the process of  upgrading  the core  management
information  systems that are known to not be Year 2000  compliant.  The Company
believes  that these  upgrades will be completed  before the end of 1998.  These
upgrades  are  intended  to address  the Year 2000  issues  with  respect to the
internal  budgeting,   financial  planning,   material  planning,   sales  order
processing,  accounting,  inventory control,  shop floor control, and purchasing
business  processes.  The  Company  has also  initiated  a formal Year 2000 Risk
Management  program to identify,  and  mitigate to the best of its ability,  any
remaining internal and external risks associated with the Year 2000 problem. The
cost of the Year 2000 project related to upgrading the Company's core management
information  system  is  estimated  to be $1.2  million.  Of this,  the  Company
estimates that  approximately  $400,000 is  attributable  to the purchase of new
software,  which will be capitalized.  The costs  associated with the other Year
2000 risks have not been quantified.

    The costs and time schedule for the Year 2000 problem abatement are based on
management's  best  estimates  for  the  implementation  of its  new  management
information system. These were derived utilizing numerous assumptions, including
that the most  significant  Year 2000 risks have already been  identified,  that
certain resources will continue to be available,  that third party plans will be
fulfilled,  and other  factors.  However,  there can be no guarantee  that these
estimates will be achieved or that the anticipated time schedule will be met and
actual results could differ  materially  from those  anticipated.  Any year 2000
compliance  problem of either the Company,  or its suppliers or customers  could
materially  adversely  affect the  Company's  business,  results of  operations,
financial condition, and prospects.


Results of Operations


    Product Revenues. SanDisk's product revenues increased 18% to $105.7 million
in 1997 from $89.6  million 1996.  The increase of $16.1 million  consisted of a
146%  increase  in units  shipped  offset by a 51%  decline in  average  selling
prices. Fiscal year 1996 revenues of $89.6 million were 45% higher than 1995 due
to increased sales of the Chipset, CompactFlash and FlashDisk products.

     In  1997,  the  largest   increase  in  unit  volume  came  from  sales  of
CompactFlash  products,  primarily for use in digital cameras and other consumer
electronics applications. In 1997, sales of CompactFlash products exceeded sales
of PCMCIA  flash cards for the first  time.  CompactFlash  products  represented
approximately 73% of all units shipped and 49% of product revenues in 1997. This
shift in product mix from PCMCIA flash cards to CompactFlash  cards,  which have
lower capacities, contributed the decline in average selling prices in 1997. The
Company  anticipates  that lower capacity  products will continue to represent a
significant  portion  of its  sales as  consumer  applications  such as  digital
cameras become more popular.  Sales of these lower capacity  products  generally
have  lower  average  selling  prices and gross  margins  than  higher  capacity
products.  The mix of products  sold varies from quarter to quarter and may vary
in the future,  affecting the Company's overall average selling prices and gross
margins.

    The  Company  has   experienced   and  expects  to  continue  to  experience
seasonality  in its  product  sales.  Due to the shift in  product  mix  towards
CompactFlash   products  which  are  sold  primarily  for  consumer  electronics
applications,  the Company  expects that its product sales will be  increasingly
impacted by seasonal purchasing patterns, with

                                       30
<PAGE>


higher  sales in the second  half of each year as  compared to the first half of
each such year.  In the past,  the Company has  experienced a reduction in order
quantities in the first quarter from Japanese OEM customers, reflecting the fact
that most customers in Japan operate on a fiscal year ending in March and prefer
to delay purchases  until the beginning of their next fiscal year.  Although the
Company  has  limited  visibility  as to customer  orders,  the Company  expects
product  revenues in the first quarter of 1998 to decline relative to the fourth
quarter of 1997 due to these seasonal factors.  In addition,  the effects of the
Asian  economic  crisis on the Company's  revenues is  uncertain.  The Company's
ability to adjust its  operating  expenses is limited in the short term due to a
number of  factors  described  herein  and in "Risk  Factors."  As a result,  if
product revenues are lower than anticipated, the Company's results of operations
will be  adversely  affected.  SanDisk's  backlog  at the end of 1997 was  $18.6
million  compared to $5.8 million in 1996. See "Risk Factors -  Fluctuations  in
Operating Results" and " - Seasonality."

    License and Royalty  Revenues.  The Company  currently  earns patent license
fees and royalties under five cross-license agreements, of which agreements with
Hitachi,  Toshiba and Samsung were  entered  into in the third  quarter of 1997.
SanDisk  also has  cross-license  agreements  with Intel and Sharp.  License and
royalty revenue from patent cross-license  agreements was $19.6 million in 1997,
up from $8.0 million in 1996 and $1.3 million in 1995.  Revenues  from  licenses
and royalties  increased to 16% of total revenues in 1997 from 8% in 1996 and 2%
in 1995.

    Gross Profits.  In fiscal 1997, gross profits  increased to $53.0 million or
42.3% of total  revenues from $38.9  million or 39.8% of total  revenues in 1996
and $26.2  million or 41.7% of total  revenues in 1995.  In 1997,  the growth in
overall gross profits resulted from an increase in license and royalty revenues,
which was  partially  offset by a decline in gross  profit from  product  sales.
Product gross profits  declined as a percentage of product  revenues to 31.6% in
1997 compared to 34.5% in 1996 and 40.6% in 1995. This decline was primarily due
to the shift in product mix to lower  capacity  CompactFlash  products that have
lower average  selling prices and gross  margins.  This decline in gross margins
was  partially  offset by cost  reductions  related  to the  Company's  shift to
in-house assembly and test. The Company anticipates that lower capacity products
will  continue  to  represent  a  significant  portion of its sales as  consumer
applications  such as digital  cameras become more popular.  The Company expects
product  gross  margins may  continue  to  decrease  in 1998 due to  anticipated
increased competition.

    Research  and  Development.   Research  and  development   expenses  consist
principally of salaries and payroll related  expenses for design and development
engineers,  prototype supplies and contract  services.  Research and development
expenses  increased to $13.6 million in 1997 from $10.2 million in 1996 and $8.0
million in 1995. As a percentage of revenues,  research and development expenses
represented  10.8% in 1997,  10.4% in 1996 and 12.8% in 1995.  In 1997 and 1996,
the  increase in research  and  development  expenses  was  primarily  due to an
increase in salaries and  payroll-related  expenses  associated  with additional
personnel.  Increased depreciation due to capital equipment additions and higher
project  related  expenses  also  contributed  to the  growth  in  research  and
development expenses in both years. The Company expects research and development
expenses to continue to increase to support the  development of new  generations
of flash data storage  products and the addition of new foundries to manufacture
the Company's products.

    Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing  expenses include salaries,  sales
commissions,  benefits and travel expenses for the Company's  sales,  marketing,
customer service and  applications  engineering  personnel.  These expenses also
include other selling and marketing expenses, such as independent manufacturer's
representative  commissions,  advertising  and  tradeshow  expenses.  Sales  and
marketing  expenses increased to $12.6 million in 1997 from $8.8 million in 1996
and $6.6 million in 1995.  The increase in sales and marketing  expenses in 1997
and 1996 was  primarily  due to an  increase in  salaries  and  payroll  related
expenses  associated with additional  personnel.  Higher  marketing,  travel and
selling  expenses also  contributed  to this  increase in both years.  Sales and
marketing expenses increased to 10.0% of total revenues in 1997 compared to 9.0%
in 1996 primarily due to increased marketing expenses related to the development
of the retail  channel.  In 1995,  sales and  marketing  expenses  were 10.4% of
revenues.  The Company expects sales and marketing expenses to increase as sales
of its products grow and as it develops the retail channel for its products.

    General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses include the
cost of the Company's finance, information systems, human resources, shareholder
relations,  legal  and  administrative  functions.  General  and  administrative
expenses  were to $7.1 million in 1997 compared to $7.4 million in 1996 and $3.8
million in 1995.

                                       31
<PAGE>


    The decrease in 1997 was primarily due to a decrease in legal fees which was
partially offset by increased  salaries and payroll related expenses  associated
with increased personnel,  higher recruiting  expenses,  increased allowance for
doubtful  accounts  and higher  consulting  expenses  related  to the  Company's
management   information   system.   In  1996,   the  increase  in  general  and
administrative  expenses  was  primarily  due  to  an  increase  in  legal  fees
associated  with the  Samsung  litigation  and an increase in salary and benefit
expenses.  General and administrative  expenses  represented 5.7% of revenues in
1997,  7.6%  in  1996  and  6.1%  in  1995.  The  Company  expects  general  and
administrative expenses to increase as the general and administrative  functions
grow to support the overall  growth of the Company.  General and  administrative
expenses could also increase  substantially in the future if the Company pursues
litigation  to  defend  its  patent  portfolio.  See "Risk  Factors  -  Patents,
Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

    Interest and Other Income,  Net.  Interest and other  income,  net, was $3.7
million in 1997,  $3.2 million in 1996 and $1.7 million in 1995. The increase in
interest  and other income  since 1995 is  primarily  due to increased  cash and
investment balances and higher interest rates.

    Provision for Income Taxes.  The Company's 1997, 1996 and 1995 effective tax
rates were approximately  15.0%, 7.3% and 4.5% respectively.  The Company's 1997
effective  tax  rate is  substantially  higher  than  its  1996  rate due to the
utilization of all remaining  federal net operating loss  carryforwards in 1996.
The 1996 effective tax rate was  substantially  higher than the 1995 rate as net
operating loss  carryforwards  were available to offset  essentially  all of the
1995 taxable income.

    Due to increased  license and royalty  revenues and growth in the  Company's
net  income in 1997,  the  Company  utilized  the  remainder  of its tax  credit
carryforwards  during the 1997 fiscal year. The Company's  effective tax rate is
expected  to  increase  significantly  in 1998  and is  expected  to be near the
statutory tax rate.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

    As of December 31, 1997, the Company had working  capital of $134.3 million,
which included $20.9 million in cash and cash  equivalents and $114.0 million in
short-term  investments.  The  Company  has a line  of  credit  facility  with a
commercial  bank  under  which it can  borrow up to $10.0  million at the bank's
prime rate.  This line of credit  facility  expires in July 1998. As of December
31,  1997,  the  Company  had $7.2  million  committed  under the line of credit
facility for standby  letters of credit.  The facility  contains  covenants that
require  the  Company to  maintain  certain  financial  ratios and levels of net
worth, and prohibits the payment of cash dividends to stockholders.  The Company
is currently in compliance  with all covenants in the line of credit  agreement.
The Company  intends to either  renew its line of credit or negotiate a new line
of credit upon the expiration of its current line.

    Operating  activities provided $26.8 million of cash in 1997. In addition to
net  income,  sources  of cash  included  increased  deferred  revenue  of $22.3
million,  primarily  from  the  receipt  of  funds  under  license  and  royalty
agreements.  Cash  provided by  operations  was $13.4  million in 1996 and $12.4
million in 1995.

    Net cash used in investing activities of $108.9 million in 1997 consisted of
net purchases of  investments  of $59.0  million,  an investment of $40.3 in the
USIC foundry and $9.6 million of capital equipment purchases.  In 1996 and 1995,
cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  $22.2  million  and  $35.4  million,
respectively.  In 1996, cash used for investing  purposes included net purchases
of short term  investments of $13.8 million and capital  equipment  purchases of
$8.4 million. In 1995, cash used in investing  activities included $31.6 million
net purchases of short term  investments  and $3.8 million of capital  equipment
purchases.

    During 1997,  cash  provided by financing  activities  of $83.7  million was
primarily from the sale of common stock in the Company's November 1997 follow on
public offering.  Financing  activities  provided $0.8 million in 1996 primarily
from the sale of common  stock  through the SanDisk  stock  option and  employee
stock purchase plans and $39.1 million in 1995 primarily from the sale of common
stock in the Company's initial public offering and the sale of preferred stock.

                                       32
<PAGE>


    Depending on the demand for the Company's  products,  the Company may decide
to make additional investments, which could be substantial, in assembly and test
manufacturing  equipment  to support  its  business  in the  future.  Management
believes the existing  cash and cash  equivalents,  short-term  investments  and
available  line of credit will be  sufficient  to meet the  Company's  currently
anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12
months.

Impact of Currency Exchange Rates

    The Company  currently  purchases  wafers  from  Matsushita  under  purchase
contracts  denominated in Japanese Yen. A portion of the Company's  revenues are
also denominated in Japanese Yen. Foreign  exchange  exposures  arising from the
Company's Japanese Yen denominated  commitments and related accounts payable are
offset  to  the  extent  the  Company  has  Japanese  yen  denominated  accounts
receivable and cash balances.  To the extent such foreign exchange exposures are
not offset,  the Company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge
against changes in foreign currency  exchange rates. At December 31, 1997, there
were no forward contracts  outstanding.  Future exchange rate fluctuations could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition
and results of operations.



                                       33
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                    Contents
                                                           Page

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors           35
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                 36
Consolidated Statements of Income                           37
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity             38
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                       39
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                  40


                                       34
<PAGE>


                REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
SanDisk Corporation

    We have  audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets of SanDisk
Corporation  as of  December  31, 1997 and 1996,  and the  related  consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended  December  31,  1997.  Our audits also  included  the
financial  statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility  is to  express  an opinion  on these  financial  statements  and
schedule based on our audits.

    We conducted  our audits in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
SanDisk  Corporation at December 31, 1997 and 1996 and the consolidated  results
of its  operations  and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December 31, 1997,  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered  in  relation  to the basic  financial  statements  taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.


                                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
                                                ---------------------
                                                Ernst & Young LLP
                                                San Jose, California

                                                January 16, 1998


                                       35
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)

December 31,                                                1997         1996
                                                       ---------    ---------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                            $  20,888    $  19,323
  Short-term investments                                 114,037       54,965
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
     accounts of $756 in 1997 and $593 in 1996            19,352       11,885
  Inventories                                             15,648        9,630
  Deferred tax assets                                     17,060          900
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                1,406          784
                                                       ---------    ---------
  Total current assets                                   188,391       97,487
Property and equipment, at cost:
  Machinery and equipment                                 27,244       17,937
  Leasehold improvements                                   1,981        1,695
                                                       ---------    ---------
                                                          29,225       19,632
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization               13,333        9,347
                                                       ---------    ---------
                                                          15,892       10,285
Investment in foundry                                     40,284            -
Deposits and other assets                                    900          496
                                                       ---------    ---------
Total assets                                           $ 245,467    $ 108,268
                                                       =========    =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
      Accounts payable                                 $  14,111     $  7,595
      Accrued payroll and related expenses                 4,674        2,857
      Other accrued liabilities                            7,341        4,354
      Deferred revenue                                    27,967        5,652
                                                       ---------    ---------
      Total current liabilities                           54,093       20,458

Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
      Preferred stock, $0.001 par value
         Authorized shares:  4,000,000
         Issued and outstanding:  none                        --           --
      Common stock, $0.001 par value
          Authorized shares:  40,000,000
          Issued and outstanding:  25,865,229 in 1997 and
              22,326,584 in 1996                              26           22
      Capital in excess of par value                     181,895       98,211
      Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)              9,453      (10,423)
                                                       ---------    ---------
Total stockholders' equity                               191,374       87,810
                                                       ---------    ---------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity             $ 245,467    $ 108,268
                                                       =========    =========

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements



                                       36
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31,                 1997            1996            1995
                                    ---------        --------        --------

Revenues
     Product                        $ 105,675        $ 89,599        $ 61,589
     License and royalty               19,578           8,000           1,250
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Total revenues                        125,253          97,599          62,839

Cost of revenues                       72,280          58,707          36,613
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Gross profits                          52,973          38,892          26,226
Operating expenses
     Research and development          13,577          10,181           8,043
     Sales and marketing               12,568           8,792           6,564
     General and administrative         7,148           7,445           3,842
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Total operating expenses               33,293          26,418          18,449
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Operating income                       19,680          12,474           7,777
Interest and other income, net          3,660           3,154           1,749
Interest expense                            -              (3)            (37)
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Income before taxes                    23,340          15,625           9,489
Provision for income taxes              3,501           1,140             424
                                    ---------        --------        --------
Net income                           $ 19,839        $ 14,485         $ 9,065
                                    =========        ========        ========

Net income per share (pro forma for 1995)
     Basic                             $ 0.87          $ 0.65          $ 0.48
     Diluted                           $ 0.79          $ 0.60          $ 0.45

Shares used in computing net income
   per share
     Basic                             22,880          22,162          18,747
     Diluted                           24,970          24,206          20,328

The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements


                                       37
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           Convertible                             Capital In                   Total
                                         Preferred Stock        Common Stock       Excess of       Retained     Stockholders'
                                       Shares     Amount     Shares    Amount      Par Value       Earnings     Equity
<S>                                    <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>             <C>          <C>
                                       --------   --------   --------  --------    ----------      ---------    -------------
Balance at December 31, 1994           $ 14,664       $ 15      2,833       $ 3      $ 57,632      $ (33,978)        $ 23,672
Sale of preferred stock, net of
    issuance costs                          665          -          -         -         6,215              -            6,215
Conversion of preferred stock into
   common stock at IPO                  (15,329)       (15)    15,329        15             -              -                -
Initial Public Offering, net of
   issuance costs                             -          -      3,701         4        33,336              -           33,340
Exercise of stock options for cash
    net of repurchases                        -          -        142         -            89              -               89
Net income                                    -          -          -         -             -          9,065            9,065
                                       --------   --------   --------  --------    ----------      ---------    -------------
Balance at December 31, 1995                  -          -     22,005        22        97,272        (24,913)          72,381
Exercise of stock options for cash            -          -        168         -            95              -               95
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan              -          -         92         -           783              -              783
Exercise of common stock warrants             -          -         62         -             -              -                -
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                        -          -          -         -            61              -               61
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                         -          -          -         -             -              5                5
 Net income                                   -          -          -         -             -         14,485           14,485
                                       --------   --------   --------  --------    ----------      ---------    -------------
Balance at December 31, 1996                  -          -     22,327        22        98,211        (10,423)          87,810
Exercise of stock options for cash            -          -        357         1           583              -              584
Issuance of stock pursuant to
    employee stock purchase plan              -          -        126         -         1,189              -            1,189
Exercise of common stock warrants             -          -         55         -             -              -                -
Sale of common stock, net of
     issuance costs                           -          -      3,000         3        79,414              -           79,417
Income tax benefit from stock
     options exercised                        -          -          -         -         2,498              -            2,498
Unrealized gain on available for
      sale securities                         -          -          -         -             -             37               37
 Net income                                   -          -          -         -             -         19,839           19,839
                                       --------   --------   --------  --------    ----------      ---------    -------------
Balance at December 31, 1997                  -   $      -     25,865  $     26    $  181,895      $   9,453    $     191,374
                                       ========   ========   ========  ========    ==========      =========    =============

<FN>
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
</FN>
</TABLE>




                                       38
<PAGE>


SanDisk Corporation
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
Years Ended December 31,                                                1997          1996           1995
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                                          $ 19,839      $ 14,485        $ 9,065
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
   provided by operating activities:
       Depreciation                                                    3,985         2,347          1,625
       Deferred tax                                                  (16,055)       (1,000)             -
       Changes in assets and liabilities:
           Accounts receivable                                        (7,467)       (3,457)        (4,311)
           Inventory                                                  (6,018)          781         (6,337)
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets                  (1,122)         (250)          (293)
           Deposits and other assets                                      (9)         (271)           581
           Accounts payable                                            6,516        (1,458)         4,721
           Accrued payroll and related expenses                        1,817           911          1,000
           Other accrued liabilities                                   2,987         1,590          1,031
           Deferred revenue                                           22,315          (253)         5,348
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
  Total adjustments                                                    6,949        (1,060)         3,365
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------

Net cash provided by operating activities                             26,788        13,425         12,430
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of short-term investments                                 (148,954)      (47,977)       (40,326)
Proceeds from short-term investments                                  89,919        34,157          8,711
Acquisition of property and equipment                                 (9,592)       (8,378)        (3,791)
Investment in foundry                                                (40,284)            -              -
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Net cash used in investing activities                               (108,911)      (22,198)       (35,406)
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
Sale of common stock and warrants,
  net of repurchases                                                  83,688           939         33,429
Sale of convertible preferred stock,
  net of issuance costs                                                    -             -          6,215
Principal payments under capital leases                                    -           (98)          (523)
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Net cash provided by financing activities                             83,688           841         39,121
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                   1,565        (7,932)        16,145
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                        19,323        27,255         11,110
                                                                   ---------      --------       --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                            $ 20,888      $ 19,323       $ 27,255
                                                                   =========      ========       ========

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid during the period for interest                                 $ -           $ 3           $ 37
Cash paid for income taxes                                          $ 15,172         $ 451          $ 219
Conversion of preferred stock to common stock                            $ -           $ -       $ 63,683

<FN>
The  accompanying  notes are an integral  part of these  consolidated  financial
statements
</FN>
</TABLE>




                                       39
<PAGE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Note 1:  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Nature of Operations

    SanDisk  Corporation  (the Company) was  incorporated in Delaware on June 1,
1988, to design,  manufacture,  and market  industry-standard,  solid-state mass
storage products using proprietary,  high-density  flash memory technology.  The
Company serves  customers in the  industrial,  communications,  highly  portable
computing and consumer electronics markets. Principal geographic markets for the
Company's products include the United States, Japan, Europe and the Far East.

Supplier and Customer Concentrations

    A limited number of customers  historically have accounted for a substantial
portion of the Company's revenues.  In 1997, no customer accounted for more than
10% of total  revenue.  Epson Hanbai  accounted for  approximately  26% of total
revenues in 1996. Three of the Company's  customers,  Epson Hanbai,  Kyocera and
Hewlett Packard accounted for approximately 26%, 14% and 12%,  respectively,  of
total revenues in 1995. No other distributor or OEM customer  constituted 10% or
more of revenues in the periods presented.  Sales of the Company's products will
vary as a result of fluctuations in market demand for such customers'  products.
Further,  the flash data  storage  markets  in which the  Company  competes  are
characterized  by  rapid  technological  change,  evolving  industry  standards,
declining average selling prices and rapid technological obsolescence.

    Certain of the raw materials  used by the Company in the  manufacture of its
products are available from a limited number of suppliers.  For example,  all of
the Company's  products  require silicon wafers which are currently  supplied by
two  foundries,  Matsushita  in Japan and LG  Semicon in Korea.  The  Company is
dependent on its foundries to allocate to the Company a portion of their foundry
capacity sufficient to meet the Company's needs, to produce wafers of acceptable
quality and with acceptable  manufacturing yields and to deliver those wafers to
the  Company  on a timely  basis.  On  occasion,  the  Company  has  experienced
difficulties  in each of these areas.  Under each of the Company's  wafer supply
agreements,  the Company is obligated to provide a monthly  rolling  forecast of
anticipated  purchase  orders.  Except in limited  circumstances  and subject to
acceptance  by the  foundries,  the estimates for the first three months of each
forecast  constitute a binding  commitment  and the  estimates for the remaining
months may not increase or decrease by more than a certain  percentage  from the
previous month's  forecast.  These  restrictions  limit the Company's ability to
react to significant  fluctuations in demand for its products.  As a result, the
Company has not been able to match its purchases of wafers to specific  customer
orders and  therefore  the Company has taken  write downs for  potential  excess
inventory  purchased prior to the receipt of customer orders and may be required
to do so in the future.  These adjustments decrease gross margins in the quarter
reported and have resulted,  and could in the future result in  fluctuations  in
gross  margins  on a  quarter  to  quarter  basis.  To the  extent  the  Company
inaccurately  forecasts  the  number of wafers  required,  it may have  either a
shortage  or an excess  supply of wafers,  either of which could have a material
adverse  effect on the Company's  business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.   Additionally,  if  the  Company  is  unable  to  obtain  scheduled
quantities  of wafers from any foundry with  acceptable  yields,  the  Company's
business,  financial  condition  and results of  operations  could be negatively
impacted.

    As well,  certain key  components  such as  controllers,  are purchased from
single source vendors for which alternative sources are currently not available.
Shortages  could occur in these essential  materials due to the  interruption of
supply or  increased  demand in the  industry.  If the  Company  were  unable to
procure  certain  of  such  materials,  it  would  be  required  to  reduce  its
manufacturing  operations  which could have a material  adverse  effect upon its
results of operations.


                                       40
<PAGE>


Use of Estimates

    The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Basis of Presentation

    The Company's  fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal
year 1997  ended on  December  28,  1997.  Fiscal  years  1996 and 1995 ended on
December 29, 1996 and December 31, 1995, respectively. For ease of presentation,
the accompanying  financial statements have been shown as ending on the last day
of the calendar month.

Principles of Consolidation

    The consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned  subsidiaries.  All significant  intercompany  balances and
transactions have been eliminated.

Foreign Currency Transactions

    Foreign  operations  are measured  using the U.S.  dollar as the  functional
currency.  Accordingly,  monetary accounts  (principally  cash,  receivables and
liabilities) are remeasured using the foreign exchange rate at the balance sheet
date.  Operations accounts and nonmonetary balance sheet accounts are remeasured
at the rate in  effect  at the  date of  transaction.  The  effects  of  foreign
currency  remeasurement  are  reported in current  operations  and have not been
material in the periods presented.

Reclassifications

    Certain reclassifications, none of which affected net income, have been made
to prior year's amounts to conform to the current year's presentation.

Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

    Cash equivalents consist of short-term,  highly liquid financial instruments
with insignificant  interest rate risk that are readily  convertible to cash and
have  maturities  of  three  months  or less  from the  date of  purchase.  Cash
equivalents and short-term  investments  consist of money market funds,  taxable
commercial paper,  certificates of deposit,  U.S. government agency obligations,
corporate / municipal  notes and bonds with  high-credit  quality,  money market
preferred stock and auction rate preferred stock.  The fair market value,  based
on quoted market  prices,  of cash  equivalents  and  short-term  investments is
substantially equal to their carrying value at December 31, 1997 and 1996.

    Under FAS 115, management  classifies  investments as  available-for-sale at
the  time of  purchase  and  periodically  reevaluates  such  designation.  Debt
securities  classified  as  available-for-sale   are  reported  at  fair  value.
Unrecognized gains or losses on available-for-sale  securities are included, net
of tax,  in equity  until  their  disposition.  Realized  gains and  losses  and
declines  in value  judged  to be other  than  temporary  on  available-for-sale
securities are included in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based
on the specific identification method.

    All cash equivalents and short-term  investments as of December 31, 1997 and
1996  are  classified  as  available-for-sale  securities  and  consist  of  the
following:


                                       41
<PAGE>



                                                  December 31,
                                               1997         1996
                                           --------     --------
                                               (In thousands)
 Cash equivalents:
   Money market fund                       $    115     $  4,639
   Commercial paper                           2,000        6,370
   Municipal notes                            5,800            -
   U.S. government agency obligations           694            -
   Corporate notes / bonds                    1,650        5,894
                                           --------     --------
           Total                           $ 10,259     $ 16,903
                                           ========     ========


 Short term investments:
   U.S. government agency obligations     $   7,463     $  4,183
   Municipal notes / bonds                   54,059            -
   Corporate notes / bonds                   24,429       49,782
   Money market preferred stock               4,000            -
   Certificates of deposit                    4,036            -
   Auction rate preferred stock              20,050        1,000
                                          ---------     --------
           Total                          $ 114,037     $ 54,965
                                          =========     ========

    Unrealized  holding  gains and losses on  available-for-sale  securities  at
December  31,  1997 and 1996 and gross  realized  gains  and  losses on sales of
available-for-sale  securities during the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996
were immaterial.

    Debt securities at December 31, 1997 and 1996, by contractual maturity,  are
shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual  maturities because
issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations.


                                                    December 31,
                                                 1997           1996
                                            ---------       --------
 Short-term investments:                          (In thousands)
     Due in one year or less                $  68,937       $ 49,675
     Due after one year through two years      45,100          5,290
                                            ---------       --------
           Total                            $ 114,037       $ 54,965
                                            =========       ========



Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a
currently  adjusted  standard  basis  (which  approximates  actual  costs  on  a
first-in,  first-out  basis).  Market value is based upon an  estimated  average
selling price reduced by normal gross margins. Inventories are as follows:

                                            December 31,
                                          1997         1996
                                      --------      -------
                                          (In thousands)
   Raw materials                      $  3,289     $  3,858
   Work-in-process                      10,340        3,475
   Finished goods                        2,019        2,297
                                      --------      -------
                                      $ 15,648      $ 9,630
                                      ========      =======


                                       42
<PAGE>


    Given the volatility of the market,  the Company makes inventory  provisions
for  potentially  excess and obsolete  inventory based on backlog and forecasted
demand.   However,   backlog  is  subject  to   revisions,   cancellations   and
rescheduling.   Actual  demand  may  differ  from  forecasted  demand  and  such
differences may have a material effect on the Company's  financial  position and
results of operations.

Depreciation and Amortization

    Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, generally two to seven years.

Investment in Foundry

    In the third quarter of 1997,  the Company  invested $40.3 million in United
Silicon,  Inc.,  ("USIC") a  semiconductor  manufacturing  subsidiary  of United
Microelectronics  Corporation in Taiwan.  The  transaction  gives the Company an
equity stake of  approximately  10% in the facility (which will be accounted for
on the cost basis) and  guarantees  access to  approximately  12.5% of the wafer
output from the facility.

Revenue Recognition

    Product  revenue is generally  recognized  at the time of  shipment,  less a
provision  for  estimated  sales  returns.  However,  revenue  on  shipments  to
distributors  and  retailers,  subject  to  certain  rights of return  and price
protection,  is deferred until the  merchandise is sold by the  distributors  or
retailers or the rights expire.

    The Company earns royalties  under certain patent cross license  agreements.
Royalty  revenue is  recognized  when  earned.  In 1997,  the  Company  received
payments under these cross license agreements, portions of which were recognized
as revenue and portions of which are deferred  revenue.  Recognition of deferred
revenue is expected  to occur in future  periods as the  Company  meets  certain
obligations as provided in the various agreements.

Net Income Per Share

    In 1997, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 128,
Earnings per Share.  Statement 128 replaced the calculation of primary and fully
diluted earnings per share with the basic and diluted earnings per share. Unlike
primary  earnings  per share,  basic  earnings  per share  excludes any dilutive
effects of options,  warrants and convertible  securities.  Diluted earnings per
share is very similar to the  previously  reported  fully  diluted  earnings per
share.  In addition,  in February 1998,  the Securities and Exchange  Commission
issued Staff  Accounting  Bulletin No. 98, Earnings per Share.  Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 98 effected the  treatment  of certain  stock and warrants  ("cheap
stock")  issued within a one-year  period prior to an initial  public  offering.
Upon the adoption of Statement  128,  the Staff  generally  does not continue to
believe that such stock and warrants  should be treated as  outstanding  for all
reporting  periods.  Earnings per share amounts  presented have been restated to
conform to the Statement 128 and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 requirements.


    The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings
per share:


                                       43
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>        <C>
                                                         1997        1996      1995
                                                     --------    --------   -------
Numerator:
      Numerator for basic and diluted
         net income per share - net income           $ 19,839    $ 14,485   $ 9,065
                                                     ========    ========   =======

Denominator for basic net income per share:
      Weighted average common shares                   22,880      22,162     7,361
      Convertible preferred stock (pro forma 1995)          -           -    11,386
                                                     --------    --------    ------
Shares used in computing basic net income
per share                                              22,880      22,162    18,747
                                                     ========    ========   =======

Basic net income per share (pro forma 1995)          $   0.87    $   0.65   $  0.48
                                                     ========    ========   =======

Denominator for diluted net income per share:
      Weighted average common shares                   22,880      22,162     7,361
      Convertible preferred stock (pro forma 1995)          -           -    11,386
      Employee stock options and warrants
           to purchase common stock                     2,090       2,044     1,581
                                                     --------    --------   -------
Shares used in computing diluted net income
per share                                              24,970      24,206    20,328
                                                     ========    ========   =======

Diluted net income per share (pro forma 1995)        $   0.79    $   0.60   $  0.45
                                                     ========    ========   =======
</TABLE>




Stock Based Compensation

    The Company accounts for employee stock based compensation under APB Opinion
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related  interpretations.
Pro forma net  income  and net  income  per share are  disclosures  required  by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based
Compensation," and are included in Note 5.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

    In June 1997, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No.
130, "Reporting  Comprehensive  Income".  This statement requires that all items
that are required to be recognized under  accounting  standards as components of
comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with
the same prominence as other financial  statements.  This statement is effective
for fiscal years  beginning  after December 15, 1997, and will be adopted by the
Company for the year ended December 31, 1998.

    In addition,  during June 1997,  the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board
issued  Statement No. 131,  "Disclosures  About  Segments of an  Enterprise  and
Related  Information".  This statement replaces Statement No. 14 and changes the
way public companies report segment information. This statement is effective for
fiscal  years  beginning  after  December  15,  1997 and will be  adopted by the
Company for the year ended December 31, 1998.

    Adoption of these  pronouncements  is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements.


                                       44
<PAGE>


Note 2:  Financial Instruments

Concentration of Credit Risk

    The Company's  concentration  of credit risk consists  principally  of cash,
cash equivalents,  short-term  investments and trade receivables.  The Company's
investment policy restricts  investments to high-credit  quality investments and
limits the amounts  invested with any one issuer.  The Company sells to original
equipment  manufacturers,  retailers and  distributors  in the United States and
Japan,   performs  ongoing  credit  evaluations  of  its  customers'   financial
condition,  and generally  requires no  collateral.  Reserves are maintained for
potential credit losses.

Off Balance Sheet Risk

    In connection with the credit agreement discussed in Note 3, the Company has
a foreign  exchange  contract line in the amount of  $15,000,000 at December 31,
1997.  Under this line,  the Company may enter into forward  exchange  contracts
which require the Company to sell or purchase foreign currencies.  There were no
forward exchange contracts outstanding at December 31, 1997 and 1996.

    Certain of the Company's purchase commitments and balance sheet accounts are
denominated in yen.  Foreign exchange  exposures  arising from the Company's yen
denominated  purchase  commitments and related accounts payable are mitigated to
the extent the Company has yen denominated  current  assets.  To the extent such
foreign  exchange  exposures are not mitigated,  the Company enters into foreign
exchange  contracts to hedge against changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
The effects of movements in currency  exchange  rates on these  instruments  are
recognized when the related operating revenues and expenses are recognized.  The
impact of movements in currency  exchange  rates on foreign  exchange  contracts
substantially  mitigates the related impact on the underlying items hedged.  The
Company  had net  transaction  losses of  approximately  $7,000,  $193,000,  and
$20,000 for the years ended  December 31, 1997,  1996,  and 1995,  respectively.
These amounts are included in interest and other  income,  net, in the statement
of income.

Note 3:  Line of Credit

    The  Company  has a credit  agreement  (the  Agreement)  with a bank,  which
expires in July 1998.  Under the  provisions of the  Agreement,  the Company may
borrow up to  $10,000,000  on a  revolving  line of credit at the  bank's  prime
interest rate (8.25% at December 31, 1997).  Amounts under the revolving line of
credit can be applied to the issuance of letters of credit of up to $10,000,000.
At December  31,  1997,  $7,200,000  in letters of credit were  outstanding.  In
addition,  under the  Agreement,  the  Company  also has a  $15,000,000  foreign
exchange  contract  line (see Note 2) under  which the  Company  may enter  into
forward exchange contracts. No amounts were outstanding under the revolving line
of credit portion of the Agreement and the foreign exchange  contract portion of
the line at December 31, 1997. The Agreement contains covenants that require the
Company to  maintain  certain  financial  ratios  and  levels of net worth.  The
agreement also does not permit the payment of cash dividends to stockholders. As
of December 31, 1997, the Company was in compliance with the covenants. Based on
available  collateral and outstanding  letters of credit,  the amount  available
under the Agreement at December 31, 1997 was approximately $2,800,000.

Note 4:  Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

    The Company leases its headquarters and sales offices under operating leases
that expire at various dates through 2002.  Future  minimum lease payments under
operating leases at December 31, 1997 are as follows:


                                       45
<PAGE>


Year Ending December 31,
(in thousands)

1998                    $ 1,521
1999                      1,796
2000                      1,682
2001                      1,211
2002                        574
Thereafter                  287
                        -------
Total                   $ 7,071
                        =======



Rental  expense  under all  operating  leases was  $1,253,000,  $1,050,000,  and
$789,000 for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 respectively.

Contingencies

         The Company relies on a combination of patents,  mask work  protection,
trademarks,  copyright  and trade secret laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and
licensing arrangements to protect its intellectual property rights. There can be
no  assurance  that  there  will not be any  disputes  regarding  the  Company's
intellectual property rights.  Specifically,  there can be no assurance that any
patents held by the Company will not be invalidated, that patents will be issued
for any of the Company's  pending  applications  or that any claims allowed from
existing or pending patents will be of sufficient scope or strength or be issued
in the primary  countries  where the  Company's  products can be sold to provide
meaningful protection or any commercial advantage to the Company.  Additionally,
competitors of the Company may be able to design around the Company's patents.

    To preserve its intellectual property rights, the Company believes it may be
necessary to initiate  litigation with one or more third parties,  including but
not limited to those the Company has notified of possible  patent  infringement.
In  addition,  one or more of these  parties may bring suit against the Company.
Any litigation, whether as a plaintiff or as a defendant, would likely result in
significant  expense to the  Company  and divert  the  efforts of the  Company's
technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is ultimately
determined  in favor of the  Company.  In the event of an adverse  result in any
such litigation, the Company could be required to pay substantial damages, cease
the  manufacture,  use  and  sale of  infringing  products,  expend  significant
resources  to  develop  non-infringing  technology  or  obtain  licenses  to the
infringing technology, or discontinue the use of certain processes.

    In October 1995, Samsung  Electronics Company Ltd. Filed a complaint against
the Company in the  Northern  District  of  California  accusing  the Company of
infringing two Samsung patents,  seeking declaratory relief with respect to five
Company  patents and  alleging  unspecified  damages for certain  other  related
claims.  On January 11, 1996, the Company filed a complaint against Samsung with
the United States  International  Trade Commission alleging that Samsung and its
U.S.  sales arm, were  importing  and selling  products that infringe two of the
Company's  patents.  On February 26, 1997, the Administrative Law Judge assigned
to the case issued an Initial  Determination  finding both SanDisk patents valid
and infringed  and further  finding a violation of Section 337 of the Trade Act.
On June 2, 1997, the Commission issued a limited exclusion order prohibiting the
unlicensed entry of infringing  flash memory circuits,  and carriers and circuit
boards  containing  such  circuits,  that are  manufactured  by or on  behalf of
Samsung.  On August 14, 1997, in connection  with the settlement of all disputes
between  them,  the Company and Samsung  announced the signing of a patent cross
license  agreement for flash memory related  patents.  Under the agreement,  the
Company and Samsung have  licensed each others  patents  covering the design and
manufacture of flash memory products.

    From time to time the Company  agrees to indemnify  certain of its suppliers
and  customers  for alleged  patent  infringement.  The scope of such  indemnity
varies  but  may in some  instances  include  indemnification  for  damages  and
expenses, including attorneys fees. The Company may from time to time be engaged
in  litigation  as a result of such  indemnification  obligations.  Third  party
claims for patent infringement are excluded from coverage under the

                                       46
<PAGE>


    Company's  insurance  policies.  There can be no  assurance  that any future
obligation to indemnify the  Company's  customers or suppliers,  will not have a
material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  financial  condition and
results of operations.

    Litigation  frequently  involves  substantial  expenditures  and can require
significant  management  attention,  even if the Company ultimately prevails. In
addition,  the  results of any  litigation  matters  are  inherently  uncertain.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any of the foregoing matters, or any
future  litigation,  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Item 1: Business -
Risk Factors - Patents, Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation."

Note 5:  Stockholders' Equity

Stock Benefit Plan

    The 1989 Stock Benefit Plan, in effect  through  August 1995,  comprised two
separate programs,  the Stock Issuance Program and the Option Grant Program. The
Stock Issuance Program allowed eligible  individuals to immediately purchase the
Company's  common stock at a fair value as determined by the Board of Directors.
Such shares may be fully vested when issued or may vest over time as  determined
by the Board of Directors.  Under the Option Grant Program, eligible individuals
were granted options to purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at a fair
value,  as determined  by the Board of Directors,  of such shares on the date of
grant.  The options  generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later
than ten years from the date of grant. Unexercised options are canceled upon the
termination of employment or services. Options that are canceled under this plan
will be available for future grants under the 1995 Stock Option Plan. There were
no shares available for option grants under this plan at December 31, 1997.

     The 1995 Stock Option Plan  provides  for the  issuance of incentive  stock
options  and  nonqualified  stock  options.  Under this plan,  the  vesting  and
exercise  provisions of option grants are  determined by the Board of Directors.
The options generally vest over a four-year  period,  expiring no later than ten
years from the date of grant.

1995 Non-employee Directors Stock Option Plan

    In August 1995, the Company  adopted the 1995  Non-employee  Directors Stock
Option Plan (the Directors' Plan). The Company reserved 200,000 shares of common
stock for issuance thereunder. Under this plan, automatic option grants are made
at  periodic  intervals  to  eligible  non-employee  members  of  the  Board  of
Directors. Initial option grants vest over a four-year period. Subsequent annual
grants  vest one year  after  date of  grant.  All  options  granted  under  the
Non-employee  Directors  Stock  Option  Plan  expire ten years after the date of
grant.  At December  31,  1997,  a total of 96,000  options had been  granted at
exercise prices ranging from $10.00 to $13.375 per share.

    A summary of activity under all stock option plans follows:

                                       47
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>                <C>               <C> 
                                                 Total
                                             Available                           Weighted
                                            for Future            Total           Average
                                       Grant/ Issuance      Outstanding    Exercise Price

                                      ----------------   --------------
                                             (Shares in thousands)
     Balance at December 31, 1994                  341            1,868             $0.89
       Increase in authorized shares             1,566                -
       Granted                                    (790)             790             $6.41
       Exercised                                     -             (141)            $0.64
       Canceled                                     59              (59)            $1.35
                                      ----------------   --------------
     Balance at December 31, 1995                1,176            2,458             $2.67
       Granted                                    (922)             922            $12.35
       Exercised                                     -             (168)            $0.57
       Canceled                                     68              (68)            $8.46
                                      ----------------   --------------
     Balance at December 31, 1996                  322            3,144             $5.49
       Increase in authorized shares             2,550                -
       Granted                                    (912)             912            $20.59
       Exercised                                     -             (358)            $1.63
       Canceled                                    145             (145)            $9.83
                                      ----------------   --------------
     Balance at December 31, 1997                2,105            3,553             $9.58
                                      ================   ==============
</TABLE>


    At December 31, 1997, options outstanding were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        Options Outstanding                         Options Exercisable 
                   -----------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------
<S>                <C>                 <C>                <C>             <C>                 <C>      
                              Number           Weighted                              Number         Weighted
                         Outstanding            Average         Weighted        Exercisable         Weighted
Range of                       as of          Remaining          Average              as of          Average
Excercise prices   December 31, 1997   Contractual life   exercise price  December 31, 1997   Exercise Price
- ----------------   -----------------   ----------------   --------------  -----------------   -------------- 

$ 0.15 - $ 0.75              821,802               5.55        $  0.5677            821,802        $  0.5677
$ 2.25 - $ 6.75              998,470               7.35        $  4.8813            998,470        $  4.8813
$ 9.37 - $12.00              772,163               8.90        $ 11.8021            240,057        $ 11.4838
$12.13 -  $19.75             771,270               9.68        $ 18.4194             55,994        $ 13.8670
$20.50 -  $38.25             189,450               9.79        $ 28.3990              2,348        $ 21.1388
- ----------------   -----------------   ----------------   --------------  -----------------   -------------- 
$ 0.15 - $38.25            3,553,155               7.91        $  9.5802          2,118,671        $  4.2117
</TABLE>


    There were 8,177 shares  subject to repurchase  under the Stock Benefit Plan
at December 31, 1997.  Approximately 22,259 shares were subject to repurchase at
December 31, 1996.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

    In August 1995,  the Company  adopted the Employee  Stock Purchase Plan (the
Purchase  Plan).  The Company has  reserved  883,333  shares of common stock for
issuance  thereunder.  Under the Purchase Plan, qualified employees are entitled
to purchase shares through payroll deductions at 85% of the fair market value at
the beginning or end of the offering period,  whichever is lower. As of December
31, 1997, shares issued under the Purchase Plan totaled 218,147.

    In addition,  the stockholders (i) increased the shares available for future
issuance under the 1995 Stock Benefit Plan by 2,500,000  shares,  (ii) increased
the shares available for future issuance under the 1995  Non-Employee  Directors
Stock Option Plan by 50,000 and (iii) increased the shares  available for future
issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan by 450,000 in April 1997.

                                       48
<PAGE>



Accounting for Stock Based Compensation

    The  Company has  elected to follow APB 25 and  related  interpretations  in
accounting  for its employee  stock options  because,  as discussed  below,  the
alternative  fair value  accounting  provided for under SFAS 123 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation," requires use of option valuation models that were not
developed for use in valuing  employee stock options.  Under APB 25, because the
exercise  price of the Company's  stock  options  equals the market price of the
underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation expense is recognized.

    Pro  forma  information  regarding  net  income  and  earnings  per share is
required by SFAS 123, which also requires that the  information be determined as
if the Company has accounted for its employee stock options  granted  subsequent
to December  31,  1994 under the fair value  method of this  Statement.  For all
grants  subsequent to December 31, 1994 that were granted prior to the Company's
initial  public  offering in November  1995, the fair value of these options was
determined  using the minimum  value  method with a weighted  average  risk free
interest rate of 6.32% and an expected  life of 5 years.  The fair value for the
options granted  subsequent to the Company's initial public offering in November
1995 was  estimated  at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  single  option
pricing  model  with  the  following  weighted  average  assumptions:  risk-free
interest rates of 6.24%, 6.23% and 6.37% for 1997, 1996 and 1995,  respectively;
a dividend  yield of 0.0%, a volatility  factor of the expected  market price of
the Company's  common stock of 0.655,  0.588 and 0.513 for 1997,  1996 and 1995,
respectively; and a weighted-average expected life of the option of 5 years. The
weighted  average fair value of those  options  granted  were $12.45,  $6.98 and
$3.34 for 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively.

    The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating
the fair value of traded  options  which have no  vesting  restrictions  and are
fully  transferable.  In  addition,  option  models  require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including the expected stock price volatility.  Because
the  Company's  employee  stock  options  have   characteristics   significantly
different from those of traded  options,  and because  changes in the subjective
assumptions  can  materially  affect the fair value  estimate,  in  management's
opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a  reliable  single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

    Under the 1995 Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan, the Company is authorized to
issue up to 883,333 shares of common stock to participating employees. Under the
terms of the Plan,  employees  can choose to have up to 10% of their annual base
earnings  withheld to purchase the Company's common stock. The purchase price of
the stock is 85% of the lower of the subscription date fair market value and the
purchase date fair market value.  Approximately  75% of eligible  employees have
participated  in the plan in 1997 and 86% in 1996 and 1995.  Under the Plan, the
Company  sold  125,797  and  92,350  shares  to  employees  in  1997  and  1996,
respectively.  Pursuant to APB 25 and related interpretations,  the Company does
not recognize  compensation  cost related to employee  purchase rights under the
Plan.  To  comply  with  the pro  forma  reporting  requirements  of  SFAS  123,
compensation  cost is estimated  for the fair value of the  employees'  purchase
rights using the  Black-Scholes  model with the following  assumptions for those
rights granted in 1997, 1996 and 1995: dividend yield of 0.0%; and expected life
of 6 months;  expected volatility factor of 0.63 and 0.89 in 1997, 0.588 in 1996
and 0.513 in 1995;  and a risk free  interest  rate ranging from 5.36% to 6.08%.
The weighted  average fair value of those  purchase  rights  granted in November
1995,  February  1996,  August 1996,  February  1997 and August 1997 were $2.01,
$2.47, $2.52, $3.42 and $4.69, respectively.

    Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based  compensation plans been
determined  based on the fair value at the grant  dates for awards  under  those
plans  consistent  with the  method of SFAS 123,  the  Company's  net income and
earnings  per share would have been reduced to the pro forma  amounts  indicated
below:

                                       49
<PAGE>



                                               Years ended December 31,
                                        1997            1996            1995
                                     -------        --------         -------
                                     (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Pro forma net income                 $ 17,156       $ 13,553         $ 8,915

Pro forma net income per share
     Basic                            $  0.75       $   0.61         $  0.48
     Diluted                          $  0.69       $   0.56         $  0.44

    Because  SFAS  123 is  applicable  only to  options  granted  subsequent  to
December 31, 1994, its pro forma effect will not be fully reflected until 1999.


Shareholder Rights Plan

    On April 21, 1997, the Company adopted a shareholder rights plan (the Rights
Agreement). Under the Rights Agreement, rights were distributed as a dividend at
the rate of one right  for each  share of common  stock of the  Company  held by
stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 1997. The rights
will  expire on April 28, 2007 unless  redeemed or  exchanged.  Under the Rights
Agreement,  each right will initially  entitle the registered  holder to buy one
one-hundredth  of a share of Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred Stock for
$65.00. The rights will become exercisable only if a person or group (other than
Seagate Corporation,  which is permitted to maintain its 25 percent stake in the
Company)  acquires  beneficial  ownership of 15 percent or more of the Company's
common stock or commences a tender offer or exchange offer upon  consummation of
which  such  person or group  would  beneficially  own 15 percent or more of the
Company's common stock.


Warrants

    The Company has periodically granted warrants in connection with the sale of
its stock and certain lease and bank  agreements.  The Company has the following
warrants outstanding to purchase capital stock at December 31, 1997:

   Issuance         Capital       Number of     Price Per      Expiration
     Date            Stock         Shares        Share           Date
- ----------------  ------------  ------------  ------------  ------------------

May 1990          Common             12,094       $6.615    May 2000
June 1991         Common              6,666       $6.615    June 1999
November 1991     Common             13,363       $6.615    November 1999
November 1992     Common              3,788       $3.300    June 1998

    During  1997,  the  Company  issued  55,125  shares of  common  stock for no
proceeds in the net issuance of shares upon the exercise of 70,453 warrants with
a weighted average exercise price of $5.86 per share.

Note 6:  Retirement Plan

    Effective January 1, 1992, the Company adopted a tax-deferred  savings plan,
the SanDisk  401(k) Plan,  for the benefit of qualified  employees.  The plan is
designed  to provide  employees  with an  accumulation  of funds at  retirement.
Qualified  employees  may elect to make  contributions  to the plan on a monthly
basis.  The Company may make annual  contributions to the plan at the discretion
of the Board of  Directors.  No  contributions  were made by the Company for the
years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995.

                                       50
<PAGE>




Note 7:  Income Taxes

    The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

                                             December 31,
  
                                  1997          1996         1995
                              --------       -------        -----
                                            (in thousands)

Current:
      Federal                 $ 12,131       $ 1,701        $ 312
      State                      2,662            42           66
      Foreign                    5,263           397           46
                              --------       -------        -----
                                20,056         2,140          424
Deferred:
      Federal                  (13,205)       (1,000)           -
      State                     (3,350)            -            -
                              --------       -------        -----
                               (16,555)       (1,000)           -

Provision for income taxes    $  3,501       $ 1,140        $ 424
                              ========       =======        =====

    The tax benefits  associated  with stock  options  reduces  taxes  currently
payable as shown above by $2,498,000 and $61,000 in 1997 and 1996, respectively.
Such benefits are credited to capital in excess of par when realized.

    The Company's provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by
applying the federal statutory rates to income before taxes as follows:

                                                      December 31,
                                          1997        1996       1995
                                        ------     -------    -------
Tax at U.S. statutory rate               35.0%       35.0%      35.0%
State taxes, net of federal benefit      (1.9)         -           -
Operating losses utilized                   -       (17.4)     (31.4)
Research credit                          (3.8)       (5.6)         -
Valuation allowance                     (14.9)       (8.0)         -
Foreign taxes in excess of U.S. rate      0.4         2.1          -
Other individually immaterial items       0.2         1.2        0.9
                                       -------     -------    -------
                                         15.0%        7.3%       4.5%
                                       =======     =======    =======

    Deferred  income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes.  Significant components of
the  Company's  deferred  tax  assets as of  December  31,  1997 and 1996 are as
follows:


                                       51
<PAGE>



                                                   December 31,
                                                1997         1996
                                             -------      -------
                                                 (In thousands)
       Deferred tax assets:
           Inventory reserves                $ 3,338      $ 2,500
           Deferred revenue                    9,913        2,000
           Accruals and reserves               3,970        1,500
           Tax credit carryforwards                -          800
           Other                                 334          650
                                             -------      -------
             Total deferred tax assets        17,555        7,450
             Valuation allowance                   -       (6,450)
                                             -------      --------
       Net deferred tax assets               $17,555      $ 1,000
                                             =======      =======

    The valuation  allowance decreased by approximately  $6,450,000,  $4,750,000
and $3,000,000 for 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. Management has determined,
based on the Company's history of prior operating  earnings and its expectations
for the future,  that no valuation  allowance  for deferred tax assets should be
provided as of December 31, 1997.

Note 8:  Related Party Transactions

In January 1993, the Company entered into a joint  cooperation  agreement with a
stockholder.   Under  the  terms  of  the  agreement,   the  stockholder  had  a
nonexclusive  right to distribute flash memory products produced by the Company.
There were no revenues  attributable  to this agreement in 1997,  1996 and 1995.
The  agreement  was  amended in  October  1994.  Under the terms of the  amended
agreement,  the stockholder  relinquished  its right to distribute  flash memory
products but has the option to reinstate this right in January 1999.

Note 9:  Industry and Geographic Information

    The  Company  markets  its  products  in the  United  States  and in foreign
countries through its sales personnel, dealers, distributors, retailers, and its
subsidiaries.  Export sales account for a  significant  portion of the Company's
revenues. Geographic revenue information is as follows:

                                           Years Ended December 31,
                                                (In thousands)
                                     1997            1996          1995
                                 --------        --------      --------
         United States           $ 53,820        $ 43,999      $ 27,230
         Export:
              Japan                51,677          43,947        24,255
              Europe               10,774           5,339         3,229
              Far East              8,982           4,314         8,125
                                 --------        --------      --------
         Total                   $125,253        $ 97,599      $ 62,839
                                 ========        ========      ========

Note 10:  Major Customers

    In 1997,  there were no customers  who  accounted for more than 10% of total
revenue.  Customers who accounted for at least 10% of total revenues in 1996 and
1995 were as follows:


                                       52
<PAGE>



                                               Years Ended December 31,

                                        1997          1996           1995
                                        ----          ----           ----
         Epson Hanbai Co., Ltd...        *             26%           26%
         Hewlett-Packard Company         *              *            12%
         NEC USA, Inc                    *              *             *
         Kyocera America, Inc....        *              *            14%

* Revenues were less than 10%


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         Not applicable.


                                       53
<PAGE>


                                    PART III


ITEM 10.      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    Directors.   Reference  is  made  to  the  information  regarding  directors
appearing  under  the  caption  "Election  of  Directors"  on pages 3 - 5 of the
Company's definitive Proxy Statement dated March 23, 1998 for its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement), which information is incorporated in this
Form 10-K by reference.  Information  regarding  executive officers is set forth
under "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this
10-K.


ITEM 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    The  information  required  by  this  item  is set  forth  under  "Executive
Compensation  and Related  Information" in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders which is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
              AND MANAGEMENT

    The information required by this item is set forth under "Security Ownership
of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management" in the Company's Proxy Statement
for  the  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders  which  is  incorporated  herein  by
reference.


ITEM 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    The  information  required  by this  item is set forth  under  "Compensation
Committee  Interlocks and Insider  Participation" and "Certain  Transactions" in
the Company's Proxy  Statement for the Annual Meeting of  Stockholders  which is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                       54
<PAGE>



                                     PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

   (a)  Documents filed as part of this report

         1) All financial statements

          Index to Financial Statements                             Page
                                                                    ----
          Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors         35
          Consolidated Balance Sheets                               36
          Consolidated Statements of Income                         37
          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity            38
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                     39
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                40-53

         2)  Financial statement schedules

          Index to Financial Statement Schedules
          Financial Statement Schedules
            II.    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                60

All other  schedules have been omitted  because the required  information is not
present or not  present  in amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of the
schedules,  or because the information  required is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

          3)  Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

      Exhibit
      Number                                       Exhibit Title

     3.1       Certificate of  Incorporation  of the  Registrant,  as amended to
               date.3

     3.2       Form of Amended and Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of the
               Registrant.3

     3.3       Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended.3
 
     3.4       Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant3

     3.5       Certificate of Designation for the Series A Junior  Participating
               Preferred Stock, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on
               April 24, 1997.7
        
     4.1       Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4.3
        
     4.3       Amended and Restated  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  among the
               Registrant  and the  investors and founders  named  therein,dated
               March 3, 1995.3
        
     4.4       Amendment  No.  1 to the  Stock  Purchase  Agreements  among  the
               Registrant and the holders of Series A, B and D Preferred  Stock,
               and certain  holders of Series E Preferred  Stock,  dated January
               15, 1993.3
       
     4.5       Series F  Preferred  Stock  Purchase  Agreement  between  Seagate
               Technology, Inc. And the Registrant, dated January 15, 1993.3
        
     4.6       Amendment  Agreement  between  Seagate  Technology,  Inc. and the
               Registrant, dated August 23, 1995.3
        
     4.7       Form of Stock  Purchase  Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and
               Seagate Technology, Inc.3

     4.8       Rights Agreement, dated as of April 18, 1997, between the Company
               and Harris Trust and Savings Bank.7
        
     9.1       Amended and Restated Voting  Agreement,  among the Registrant and
               the investors named therein, dated March 3, 1995.3

                                       55
<PAGE>



     10.1      Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  entered  into  between  the
               Registrant and its directors and officers.3
        
     10.2      Foundry Agreement  between  Matsushita  Electronics  Corporation,
               Matsushita  Electronic  Industrial  Co., Ltd. and the Registrant,
               dated May 20, 1992.1, 3
       
     10.3      Amendment  No.  1  to  MEC/SunDisk  Foundry  Agreement,   between
               Matsushita   Electronics   Corporation,   Matsushita   Electronic
               Industrial Co., Ltd. and the Registrant,  dated April 17, 1995.1,
               3
       
     10.4      Foundry  Agreement  between  Goldstar  Electron Co., Ltd. and the
               Registrant, dated October 13, 1993.1, 3
        
     10.5      Amendment  No.  1  to  the  Foundry  Agreement  between  Goldstar
               Electron Co., Ltd. And the Registrant, dated May 10, 1994.1, 3
        
     10.6      SanDisk/Goldstar   Technical   Collaboration   Agreement  between
               Goldstar  Electron Co., Ltd. and the Registrant,  dated March 25,
               1994.1, 3
       
     10.7      Joint  Development  Agreement  between  NEC  Corporation  and the
               Registrant, dated June 20, 1994.1, 3
       
     10.8      Joint  Cooperation  Agreement  between the Registrant and Seagate
               Technology, Inc., dated January 15, 1993.1, 3
       
     10.9      Amendment and  Termination  Agreement  between the Registrant and
               Seagate Technology, Inc., dated October 28, 1994.1, 3
       
     10.10     License  Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and Dr. Eli Harari,
               dated September 6, 1988.3
       
     10.13     1989 Stock Benefit Plan.3
       
     10.14     1995 Stock Option Plan.3
       
     10.15     Employee Stock Purchase Plan.3
       
     10.16     1995 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan.3
       
     10.17     Patent Cross License  Agreement  between the Registrant and Intel
               Corporation, dated October 12, 1995.3
      
     10.18     Lease Agreement between the Registrant and G.F. Properties, dated
               March 1, 1996.4

     10.19     Business loan agreement  between the Registrant and Union Bank of
               California, dated July 3, 1996.5
       
     10.20     Patent Cross License  Agreement  between the Registrant and Sharp
               Corporation dated December 24, 1996.2, 6
       
     10.21     Amendment  to Lease  Agreement  between the  Registrant  and G.F.
               Properties, dated April 3, 1997.

     10.22     First and second  amendments to business loan  agreement  between
               the Registrant and Union Bank of California, dated June 30, 1997.
        
     21.1      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.6
       
     27.1      Financial Data Schedule for the year ended December 31, 1997. (In
               EDGAR format only)

- ----------
1. Confidential treatment granted as to certain portions of these exhibits.

2. Confidential treatment requested as to certain portions of these exhibits.

3. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's  Registration Statement on
Form S-1 (No. 33-96298).

4. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's 1995 Annual Report on Form
10-K.

5. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's  Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 1996.

6. Previously filed as an Exhibit to the Registrant's 1996 Annual Report on Form
10-K.

7.  Previously  filed as an Exhibit to the  Registrant's  Current Report on Form
8-K/A dated April 18, 1997.

                                       56
<PAGE>





               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
16, 1998, with respect to the consolidated  financial statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1997.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 19, 1998

                                       57
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


       Pursuant  to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                             SANDISK CORPORATION




                             By: /s/ Cindy L. Burgdorf
                                 ---------------------
                                 Cindy L. Burgdorf
                                 Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President,
                                 Finance and Administration and Secretary


DATED: March 19, 1998

                                       58
<PAGE>


                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

       KNOW ALL  PEOPLE BY THESE  PRESENTS,  that each  person  whose  signature
appears  below  constitutes  and appoints Dr. Eli Harari and Cindy L.  Burgdorf,
jointly and  severally,  his or her  attorneys  in fact,  each with the power of
substitution,  for him or her in any and all capacities,  to sign any amendments
to this Report on Form 10-K,  and to file the same,  with  exhibits  thereto and
other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys in
fact,  or his or her  substitute or  substitutes,  may do or cause to be done by
virtue thereof.

       Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended,  this Report has been signed below by the  following  persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<S>                                             <C>                                              <C>
                 Signature                                     Title                                   Date


By:                                             President, Chief Executive Officer                March 19, 1998
     ----------------------------
           (Dr. Eli Harari)                                and Director



By:                                                    Chairman of the Board                      March 19, 1998
     ----------------------------
           (Irwin Federman)



By:                                                  Chief Financial Officer,                     March 19, 1998
     ----------------------------
          (Cindy L. Burgdorf)                   Senior Vice President, Finance and
                                                   Administration and Secretary
                                                     (Principal Financial and
                                                       Accounting Officer)

By:                                                                                               March 19, 1998
     ----------------------------
         (William V. Campbell)                               Director


By:                                                          Director                             March 19, 1998
     ----------------------------
          (Catherine P. Lego)


By:                                                          Director                             March 19, 1998
     -------------------------------
         (Dr. James D. Meindl)


By:                                                          Director                             March 19, 1998
     -------------------------------
            (Joseph Rizzi)


By:                                                          Director                             March 19, 1998
   ------------------------------
           (Alan F. Shugart)
</TABLE>






                                       59
<PAGE>


                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>

                                                      Additions
                                      Balance at     Charged to                      Balance at
                                       Beginning      Costs and           *                 End
               Description             Of Period       Expenses       Deductions      Of Period
 ----------------------------------   ----------     ----------       ----------     ----------
 Allowance for doubtful accounts:
     Year ended December 31, 1995         $ 594               -            $ 1           $ 593
     Year ended December 31, 1996         $ 593               -              -           $ 593
     Year ended December 31, 1997         $ 593           $ 204           $ 41           $ 756
</TABLE>

 *Write offs


                                       60
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>


FRONT COVER

                           SanDisk 1997 Annual Report


                         More Memory. More Possibilities.


(with  photographs  of  SanDisk's  CompactFlash,  MultiMediaCard  and  FlashDisk
products and various devices they are used in.)

<PAGE>
INSIDE FRONT COVER

                               Corporate Profile

SanDisk Corporation designs,  manufactures and markets flash memory data storage
products used in wide variety of electronic  systems.  The Company has optimized
its flash memory storage solution, known as "system flash", to address the needs
of   many   emerging    applications    in   the   consumer    electronics   and
industrial/communications  markets.  The  Company  believes  its core  technical
competencies  are in  high-density  flash memory process and design,  controller
design,  system-level  integration,  compact packaging and low-cost system test.
The Company's  products  include  removable  CompactFlash  and FlashDisk  memory
cards,  MultiMediaCard  and  embedded  FlashDrive  and Flash  ChipSet  products.
SanDisk has  successfully  applied its technology to the rapidly growing markets
for digital cameras and other consumer electronics devices such as mobile phones
and handheld PCs.

(bar graphs w/ the following data)

                             1994       1995        1996        1997
                                  (in thousands)
Revenues                  $35,378    $62,839     $97,599    $125,253

Working Capital           $20,971    $68,002     $77,029    $134,298

Operating Income (Loss)   ($4,781)    $7,777     $12,474    $ 19,680

Net Income (Loss)         ($4,287)    $9,065     $14,485    $ 19,839

<PAGE>

To Our Stockholders:

Fiscal 1997 was another  good year for SanDisk.  The Company  recorded its third
consecutive  profitable  year with net income of $19.8  million and  revenues of
$125.3  million.  This  represented  an increase  of 28% over  revenues of $97.6
million in the previous  year.  Product  revenues grew 18% in fiscal 1997.  Year
over year unit shipments  increased 146%,  exceeding 1.4 million units.  Average
selling  prices  declined  51% due in  part to a mix  shift  to  lower  capacity
CompactFlash  cards. Net income increased by 37%, due in large part to increased
patent  licenses and  royalties.  SanDisk ended 1997 with a strong balance sheet
with $134.9 million in cash and short term investments, and no debt.

CompactFlash  emerged as the de facto  global  standard  for small  form  factor
digital   storage  cards  in  the  face  of  competing   products  during  1997.
CompactFlash  has been designed into more than 140 products,  including  digital
cameras,  hand held  computers,  audio recorders and medical  monitors.  SanDisk
worked with many of the leading  camera and imaging  companies to facilitate the
use of our  CompactFlash  products  in  next  generation  digital  cameras  as a
removable  storage  medium.  There are  currently  more  than two dozen  digital
cameras  offered by  companies  such as Kodak,  Canon,  Casio,  Panasonic,  NEC,
Konica,  Polaroid,  Epson, Vivitar,  Umax, Nikon and Hewlett Packard that employ
CompactFlash to store digital images.

The demand for higher capacity CompactFlash cards was fueled by the rapid growth
of the digital  camera  after-market.  Consumers  are showing a  preference  for
digital  cameras having higher  resolution at a given price point.  These higher
resolution cameras require increased storage  capacities,  driving the market to
higher capacity  CompactFlash cards. New higher resolution digital camera models
are  expected to be  introduced  in 1998.  We are very  pleased  with  SanDisk's
leadership  position in the  emerging  digital film  market.  Additionally,  our
CompactFlash  cards have been  designed  into the  majority  of PDA's  (personal
digital  assistants)  including the H.P.  320LX and Psion Series 5.  Microsoft's
Palm PC and Auto PC  reference  designs  which  employ the Windows CE  operating
system specify CompactFlash as the removable Flash memory card.

SanDisk  demonstrated its ability to move into volume production during the year
while  maintaining  product quality and good product  margins.  Over one million
CompactFlash  units were shipped during 1997  representing  approximately 49% of
product  revenues  and an  increase  of 400%  over 1996  CompactFlash  revenues.
SanDisk also announced the signing of key retail  distribution  agreements  with
major consumer  electronics and office product chains to sell CompactFlash under
the SanDisk brand name. CompUSA,  Circuit City, Office Depot, Staples,  Computer
City, Best Buy, Micro Center and Fry's Electronics, as well as Ritz Camera, Wolf
Camera  and Kits  Camera  chains,  now all carry  SanDisk  labeled  CompactFlash
storage cards.  These agreements give SanDisk a high-profile  presence in retail
outlets  throughout the United States and Canada, and are evidence of our intent
to expand the retail  portion of our  business in the  future.  In the third and
fourth quarters of 1997, sales to the retail channel  represented  approximately
15% of product  revenue.  We are pleased  with the growth in retail sales during
the year.

During  1997,   SanDisk  concluded   additional  flash  patent   cross-licensing
agreements with Hitachi, Toshiba and Samsung,  bringing the total of such patent
license agreements to five. These cross-licensing agreements further confirm the
strength and depth of our patent  portfolio in Flash memory cards and flash data
storage  systems.  The license fees and royalties  flowing from these agreements
have allowed SanDisk to fund accelerated product and technology development,  in
addition to improving our overall gross margins.

In July,  SanDisk  announced plans to invest in United Silicon,  Inc.  (USIC), a
semiconductor  facility headed by United  Microelectronics  Corporation (UMC) in
Taiwan.  The USIC  investment  amount totaled $40.3 million and was paid in full
during the third quarter.  This transaction  gives SanDisk a 10% equity stake in
USIC with  guaranteed  access to 12.5% of the wafer  output from this $1 billion
new fab designed to process eight inch wafers at the leading edge  technology of
0.35 and 0.25 micron process geometries.  With the addition of the USIC facility
to SanDisk's existing foundry supply arrangements, SanDisk should have access to
sufficient advanced wafer production capacity to meet the Company's  anticipated
needs for the next several years.

In early  November,  SanDisk and Siemens made a major new product  announcement,
introducing the MultiMediaCard  (MMC), which is the world's smallest solid state
flash storage device.  We expect the MMC will emerge as the portable  storage de
facto standard for mobile phones, advanced pagers and other consumer electronics
hand held products.  The MMC product  announcement  is a furthering of SanDisk's
overall  strategy  to  establish  and  provide  products  that  become  industry
standards,  are targeted to mass markets and are supported by the major industry
players.   MMC  has   received   the   support   and   endorsement   of  leading
telecommunication  companies including Ericsson,  Motorola,  Nokia,  QUALCOM and
Siemens Private Communication Systems. First customer

<PAGE>


shipments of MMC are projected for mid-1998,  but revenues  attributable  to MMC
are not expected to be material before fiscal year 1999.

We successfully  completed a secondary offering of common stock in late November
which provided SanDisk with approximately $79.4 million of additional capital to
help fund anticipated future growth.

SanDisk's primary  challenge in 1998 is to continue to aggressively  pursue cost
reductions and rapid introductions of new technology and exciting products.  The
manufacturing transition from six inch to eight inch wafers and from 0.50 micron
to 0.35 micron Flash memory  technology,  which began in the second half of 1997
is expected to be completed in the first half of 1998. Delays in introducing the
first  generation  64  megabit  Double  Density  (D2)  technology   resulted  in
disappointing revenues from this design in 1997. We have now shifted our efforts
to the second  generation  80 megabit D2,  which is  expected to begin  customer
shipments  at mid-year  1998.  We believe  these  activities  are  important  to
maintaining  our leadership  position in the rapidly  developing  markets we are
addressing  and  we  have  considerable   engineering   resources  dedicated  to
accomplishing this task.

As  expected,  the  Company  entered  1998  with  limited  bookings  visibility,
particularly  in Japan.  Despite  ongoing  weakness in the  Japanese  market and
considerable  pricing  pressures  from Asian  competitors,  we are  experiencing
strong  design-in  activity for our  CompactFlash,  ChipSets and  MultiMediaCard
products in numerous consumer,  industrial and communications  applications.  We
expect  business to pick up as exciting new models of digital  cameras and other
consumer hand held devices currently under development hit the market.

The  current  uncertainty  in Asia does not alter our view of  SanDisk's  strong
business   fundamentals.   SanDisk's   market  leading   products,   strong  OEM
relationships,  low cost  flash  technology,  high  volume  economies  of scale,
continued  royalty income flow and extremely  strong balance sheet,  position us
well  in  our  emerging  mass  markets.  The  pace  of  innovation  in  consumer
electronics and mobile communications is fast and furious, and many of these new
appliances are enabled by SanDisk's storage solutions.  We are highly focused on
accelerating  development  of our next  generation  Flash  technology,  reducing
manufacturing  costs,  expanding  global  sales  channels and  implementing  the
requisite  infrastructure  to support the  introduction  of exciting new storage
products to sustain our long term  growth.  We continue to enjoy good  strategic
relationships  with our  corporate  partners,  and  with  Seagate,  our  largest
shareholder. As a result, we remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead.

We appreciate your continued support of our strategy as we move forward to 1998.

/s/ Eli Harari

Eli Harari
President and Chief Executive Officer
<PAGE>


INSIDE BACK COVER

                             CORPORATE INFORMATION

  At December 31, 1997, there were 573 people employed at SanDisk Corporation.

                          REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
                Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois

                          INDEPENDENT PUBLIC AUDITORS
                    Ernst & Young LLP, San Jose, California

                        INVESTOR / SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS
                    Cindy Burgdorf, Chief Financial Officer,
               Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration

                     Sharon, Spehar, Shareholder Relations

                                 LEGAL COUNSEL
             Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Palo Alto, California

                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS
      William V. Campell(2), Intuit, President and Chief Executive Officer

Irwin Federman(1), Chairman of the Board, U.S. Venture Partners, General Partner

     Eli Harari, SanDisk Corporation, President and Chief Executive Officer

                      Catherine P. Lego(1), Lego Ventures

              Dr. James D. Meindl, Georgia Institute of Technology

               Joseph D. Rizzi(1), Matrix Partners, General Partner

        Alan F. Shugart(2), Seagate Technology, Chief Executive Officer

                              (1) Audit Committee
                           (2) Compensation Committee

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
        Daniel Auclair, Senior Vice President, Business Development and
                             Intellectual Property

                    Cindy Burgdorf, Chief Financial Officer,
               Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration

             Dr. Eli Harari, President and Chief Executive Officer

               Marianne Jackson, Vice President, Human Resources

            Leon Malmed, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales
<PAGE>

OUTSIDE BACK COVER
                              WORLDWIDE LOCATIONS

                                    SANDISK
                             CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
                               140 Caspian court
                            Sunnyvale, CA 94089-9820
                              Phone: 408-542-0500
                               Fax: 408-542-0503
                             http://www.sandisk.com

                             SANDISK SALES OFFICES

                            Northwestern Region USA
                               140 Caspian Court
                              Sunnyvale, CA 94089
                              Phone: 408-542-0500
                               Fax: 408-542-0403

                               Western Region USA
                           8 Corporate Park, Suite 300
                                Irvine, CA 92606
                              Phone: 714-442-8370
                               Fax: 714-442-8371

                               Central Region USA
                              4900 Blazer Parkway
                                Dublin, OH 43017
                              Phone: 614-760-3700
                               Fax: 614-760-3701

                              New England & Canada
                               175 North Main St.
                               Branford, CT 06405
                              Phone: 203-483-4390
                               Fax: 203-483-4399

                             Mid-Atlantic Region USA
                         620 Herndon Parkway, Suite 200
                               Herndon, VA 22070
                              Phone: 703-481-9828
                               Fax: 703-437-9215

                   Southern Region USA, Latin & South America
                         101 Southhall Lane, Suite 400
                               Maitland, FL 32751
                              Phone: 407-667-4880
                               Fax: 407-667-4834

                             European Sales Office
                                  SanDisk GmbH
                               Karlsruher Str. 2C
                           D-30519 Hannover, Germany
                             Phone: 49-511-8759185
                              Fax: 49-511-8759187

                               Japan Sales Office
                               SanDisk Ltd., Japan
                                8F Nisso Bldg. 15
                        2-17-19 Shin-Yokohama, Kohoku-ku
                                Yokohama 222-0033
                              Phone: 81-45-474-0181
                               Fax: 81-45-474-0371

                        Asia / Pacific Rim Sales Office
                        Flat B, 3/F, Harrison Court (V)
                                 8 Man Wan Road
                             Waterloo Hill, Kowloon
                                   Hong Kong
                              Phone: 852-2712-0501
                               Fax: 852-2712-9385

                                 SanDisk (logo)
        SanDisk and  CompactFlash  are  trademarks of SanDisk  Corporation.  All
         other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
                      Copyright 1997 SanDisk Corporation.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SANDISK SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>



                   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


 
                           1) SanDisk KK

                           2) SanDisk GMBH

                           3) SanDisk Israel


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
<TEXT>






               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
(Form S-8 No. 33-96298 and No. 333-32039)  pertaining to the SanDisk Corporation
1995 Stock  Option  Plan,  1995  Non-Employee  Directors  Stock  Option Plan and
Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SanDisk  Corporation of our report dated January
16, 1998, with respect to the consolidated  financial statements and schedule of
SanDisk  Corporation  included  in this Annual  Report  (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 1997.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 19, 1998

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>1997 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
     SanDisk Financial Data Schedule, December 31, 1997
</LEGEND>
<CIK>                         0001000180
<NAME>                                         SanDisk Corporation
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000
       
<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              Dec-31-1997
<PERIOD-END>                                   Dec-31-1997
<CASH>                                         20,888
<SECURITIES>                                   114,037
<RECEIVABLES>                                  19,352
<ALLOWANCES>                                   756
<INVENTORY>                                    15,648
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               188,391
<PP&E>                                         29,225
<DEPRECIATION>                                 13,333
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 245,467
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          54,093
<BONDS>                                        0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       181,921
<OTHER-SE>                                     9,453
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   245,467
<SALES>                                        105,675
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               125,253
<CGS>                                          72,280
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               33,293
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                23,340
<INCOME-TAX>                                   3,501
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            19,839
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   19,839
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                  0.87
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.79
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
