-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 J0NWeeJeiuy9qQdvFixgYQDJIb+t1OVXf6c3i4tVqQE4VUEdJjqX/jhRpkG+fwQJ
 c/5R3S0aPlhU/tnxri1l7g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950135-99-005374.txt : 19991122
<SEC-HEADER>0000950135-99-005374.hdr.sgml : 19991122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-99-005374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991014
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		19991119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANALOG DEVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				042348234
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07819
		FILM NUMBER:		99761336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TECHNOLOGY WAY
		CITY:			NORWOOD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173294700
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANALOG DEVICES, INC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 8-K/A

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                     THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - October 14, 1999

                              ANALOG DEVICES, INC.
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                                  Massachusetts
                                 ---------------
                                 (State or other
                                 jurisdiction of
                                  incorporation)

                   1-7819                               04-2348234
                -----------                         -------------------
                (Commission                           (IRS Employer
                  File No.)                         Identification No.)

One Technology Way, Norwood, Massachusetts              02062-9106
- ------------------------------------------              ----------
 (Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (718) 329-4700

                                 Not Applicable
          -------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)



<PAGE>   2



Item 5. Other Events.

         As of October 14, 1999, ANALOG DEVICES, INC. (the "Company") and
BankBoston, N.A., as Rights Agent ("BankBoston") entered into Amendment No. 1
("Amendment No. 1") to that certain Rights Agreement dated as of March 18, 1998
(the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and BankBoston. Among other things,
Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement deletes certain so-called "dead hand"
provisions of the Rights Agreement relating to the election of directors not
nominated by the Company's board of directors and related matters. In
particular, the defined terms "Permitted Offer" and "Continuing Directors" have
been deleted from Sections 1(i) and 1(p) of the Rights Agreement; conforming
changes, as appropriate, have been made in other sections of the Rights
Agreement. Certain technical clarifications regarding other provisions of the
Rights Agreement are also reflected in the particular provisions of Amendment
No. 1, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

        (c) Exhibits

Exhibit No.
- -----------

4.1            Form of Rights Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1998, between
               Analog Devices, Inc. and BankBoston, N.A., which includes as
               Exhibit A the Terms of the Series A Junior Participating
               Preferred Stock, as Exhibit B the Form of Rights Certificate, and
               as Exhibit C the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock
               (incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant's Form 8-K
               (File No. 001-07819), as filed with the Commission as of March
               19, 1998).

4.2            Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement, dated as of March 18, 1998,
               between Analog Devices, Inc. and BankBoston, N.A., entered into
               as of October 14, 1999.


                                       -2-


<PAGE>   3



                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: November 19, 1999                        ANALOG DEVICES, INC.



                                               /s/ Joseph E. McDonough
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Joseph E. McDonough
                                               Vice President - Finance
                                               and Chief Financial Officer




                                       -3-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO.1 TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1



                                                                     Exhibit 4.2

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                       TO
                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         This AMENDMENT NO. 1 (the "Amendment") to the Rights Agreement (the
"Rights Agreement") dated as of March 18, 1998 between Analog Devices, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), and BankBoston, N.A., a national
banking association, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent"), is entered into as of
the 14th day of October, 1999. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Rights Agreement.

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best
interests of the Company to amend the Rights Agreement, and

         WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent are willing to amend the
Rights Agreement, in accordance with Section 27 of the Rights Agreement,

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby
agree as follows:

1.       Section 1(d)(iii) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and
         restated to read in its entirety as follows:

         "(iii)   which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any
                  other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with
                  which such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or
                  Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding
                  (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters
                  and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public
                  offering of securities), whether or not in writing, for the
                  purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a
                  revocable proxy or consent as described in the proviso to
                  subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph (d)) or disposing of any
                  voting securities of the Company."

2.       Section 1(i) of the Rights Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
         and replaced with the following:

                  "(i)     [Intentionally omitted.]"

3.       Section 1(p) of the Rights Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
         and replaced with the following:

                  "(p)     [Intentionally omitted.]"

<PAGE>   2




4.       The penultimate sentence of Section 3(a) of the Rights Agreement is
         hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

         "In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per share of
         Common Stock has been made pursuant to Sections 11(i) or 11(p) hereof,
         at the time of distribution of the Right Certificates, the Company
         shall make the necessary and appropriate rounding adjustments (in
         accordance with Section 14(a) hereof) so that Rights Certificates
         representing only whole numbers of Rights are distributed and cash is
         paid in lieu of any fractional Rights."

5.       Section 4(b) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         read in its entirety as follows:

                  "(b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3,
         Section 11(i) or Section 22 hereof that represents Rights beneficially
         owned by persons known to be: (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate
         or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring
         Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee
         after the Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an
         Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a
         transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming
         such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer
         (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders
         of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom
         such Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or
         understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which
         the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan,
         arrangement or understanding that has as a primary purpose or effect
         avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof, and any Rights Certificate issued
         pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11 hereof upon transfer, exchange,
         replacement or adjustment of any other Rights Certificate referred to
         in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent feasible) the following
         legend:

                  The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were
                  beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring
                  Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as
                  such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly,
                  this Rights Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may
                  become null and void in the circumstances specified in Section
                  7(e) of such Agreement."

6.       Section 7(a) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         read in its entirety as follows:

                  "(a)     Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, the registered holder
         of any Rights Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby
         (except as otherwise provided herein including, without limitation, the
         restrictions on exercisability set
<PAGE>   3



         forth in Section 9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a) hereof) in
         whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender
         of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase and
         the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the
         Rights Agent at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such
         purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with
         respect to the total number of one one-thousandths of a share (or other
         shares, securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as to
         which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable, at or prior to the
         earliest of (i) the Final Expiration Date, (ii) the time at which the
         Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption
         Date") or (iii) the time at which such Rights are exchanged as provided
         in Section 24 hereof (the earliest of (i), (ii) and (iii) being herein
         referred to as the "Expiration Date")."

7.       Section 11(a)(ii) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and
         restated to read in entirety as follows:

         "(ii)    Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event that any
         Person, alone or together with its Affiliates or Associates, becomes an
         Acquiring Person, then, promptly following the first occurrence of such
         event, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right
         (except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof) shall thereafter
         have the right to receive (subject to the last sentence of Section
         23(a)), upon exercise thereof at the then current Purchase Price in
         accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in lieu of a number of one
         one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of
         Common Stock of the Company that equals the result obtained by (x)
         multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the then number of one
         one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was
         exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section
         11(a)(ii) Event, and (y) dividing that product (which, following such
         first occurrence, shall thereafter be referred to as the "Purchase
         Price" for each Right and for all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of
         the current market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof)
         per share of Common Stock on the date of such first occurrence (such
         number of shares, the "Adjustment Shares")."

8.       Section 13(d) of the Rights Agreement is hereby deleted in its
         entirety.

9.       Section 23(a) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         read in its entirety as follows:

                  "(a)     The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its
         option, at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business
         on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as may be determined by
         the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to clause (i) of the
         first sentence of Section 3(a) with respect to the Distribution Date)
         following the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the Stock

<PAGE>   4



         Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, the
         close of business on the tenth Business Day following the Record Date)
         or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all the
         then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.001 per Right, as
         such amount may be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split,
         stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof
         (such redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the "Redemption
         Price"). The redemption of the Rights by the Board may be made
         effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the
         Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish.
         Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary,
         the Rights shall not be exercisable after the first occurrence of a
         Section 11(a)(ii) Event until such time as the Company's right of
         redemption hereunder has expired."

10.      Section 23(c) of the Rights Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
         and replaced with the following:

                  "(c)     [Intentionally omitted.]"

11.      Section 23(d) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         read in its entirety as follows:

         "(d)     In the event of a redemption of the Rights in accordance with
         this Agreement, the Company may, at its option, discharge all of its
         obligations with respect to the Rights by (i) issuing a press release
         announcing the manner of redemption of the Rights in accordance with
         this Agreement and (ii) mailing payment of the Redemption Price to the
         registered holders of the Rights at their last addresses as they appear
         on the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution
         Date, on the registry books of the Transfer Agent of the Common Shares,
         and upon such action, all outstanding Rights and Right Certificates
         shall be null and void without any further action by the Company."

12.      Section 27 of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         read in its entirety as follows:

                  "Section 27. SUPPLEMENTS AND AMENDMENTS. Except as provided in
         the penultimate sentence of this Section 27, for so long as the Rights
         are then redeemable, the Company may, in its sole and absolute
         discretion, and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs,
         supplement or amend any provision of this Agreement in any respect
         without the approval of any holders of the Rights. At any time when the
         Rights are no longer redeemable, except as provided in the penultimate
         sentence of this Section 27, the Company may, and the Rights Agent
         shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement
         without the approval of any holders of Rights in order (i) to cure any
         ambiguity or (ii) to correct or supplement any provision contained
         herein which may be defective or

<PAGE>   5


         inconsistent with any other provisions herein; PROVIDED, that no such
         supplement or amendment shall adversely affect the interests of the
         holders of Rights as such (other than an Acquiring Person or an
         Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person). Upon the delivery of a
         certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company which states
         that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the
         terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent shall execute such
         supplement or amendment. Notwithstanding anything contained in this
         Agreement to the contrary, no supplement or amendment shall be made
         which changes the Redemption Price or the Final Expiration Date. Prior
         to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of Rights shall
         be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of Common
         Stock."

13.      Except as amended hereby, the Rights Agreement shall remain unchanged
         and shall remain in full force and effect.

14.      This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
         which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
         one instrument.


<PAGE>   6



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be
executed by their respective duly authorized representatives as of the date
first above written.

                                           ANALOG DEVICES, INC.


                                           By: /s/ Jerald G. Fishman
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Name: Jerald G. Fishman
                                               Title: President and CEO


                                           BANKBOSTON, N.A.


                                           By: /s/ Margaret M. Prentice
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Name: Margaret M. Prentice
                                               Title: Administration Manager

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
