-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 AptmMNqOgkJEaj4uIazbjG/2XGXeLg0XtehV/1g9trLRG/kEfEysjb3FSZeg0Qlb
 pBxcp79UFDfTvrBPnFPaFQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000892569-00-000340.txt : 20000331
<SEC-HEADER>0000892569-00-000340.hdr.sgml : 20000331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892569-00-000340
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROADCOM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001054374
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				330480482
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23993
		FILM NUMBER:		589125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16215 ALTON PARKWAY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494508700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16215 ALTON PARKWAY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                 ---------------

                                    FORM 10-K

       FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(D)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
(MARK ONE)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

                                       OR

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934


     FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____________________ TO ____________________


                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 000-23993


                              BROADCOM CORPORATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

                              --------------------

          CALIFORNIA                                         33-0480482
  (State or Other Jurisdiction                               (I.R.S. Employer
of Incorporation or Organization)                         Identification No.)


                              16215 ALTON PARKWAY,
                          IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618-3616
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)


       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (949) 450-8700
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: NONE

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                              CLASS A COMMON STOCK


         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

         Indicate by a check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

         Based on the closing sale price on Nasdaq National Market(R) on March
24, 2000, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates
of the registrant was $33,682,304,551. For the purposes of this calculation,
shares owned by officers, directors and 10% stockholders known to the registrant
have been deemed to be owned by affiliates. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

         The Company has two classes of common stock authorized, the Class A
common stock and the Class B common stock. The rights, preferences and
privileges of each class of common stock are substantially identical in all
respects except for voting rights. Each share of Class A common stock entitles
its holder to one vote and each share of Class B common stock entitles its
holder to ten votes. In addition, holders of Class B common stock are entitled
to vote separately on the proposed issuance of additional shares of Class B
common stock in certain circumstances. As of March 24, 2000 there were
117,890,115 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 95,760,736 shares of
Class B common stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the
registrant's definitive proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") for the Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 27, 2000.

================================================================================

<PAGE>   2

                              BROADCOM CORPORATION

                             FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----
                                     PART I.

   ITEM 1.  Business........................................................1
   ITEM 2.  Properties......................................................15
   ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings...............................................15
   ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.............17

                                    PART II.

   ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
                Matters.....................................................18
   ITEM 6.  Selected Consolidated Financial Data............................19
   ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                and Results of Operations and Risk Factors..................20
   ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk......40
   ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.....................41
   ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
                and Financial Disclosure....................................41

                                    PART III.

   ITEM 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..............41
   ITEM 11. Executive Compensation..........................................41
   ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management..41
   ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..................41

                                    PART IV.

   ITEM 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports
                on Form 8-K.................................................41

                               OTHER INFORMATION.

            Glossary of Technical Terms.....................................43


                                       i





<PAGE>   3


Broadcom(R), QAMLink(R), Digi-(PHI)(TM), iLine10(TM) and the Broadcom pulse logo
are trademarks of Broadcom Corporation and/or its subsidiaries in the United
States and certain other countries. All other trademarks mentioned are the
property of their respective owners.

<PAGE>   4

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

         THIS REPORT CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WHICH INCLUDE, BUT ARE
NOT LIMITED TO, STATEMENTS CONCERNING PROJECTED REVENUES, EXPENSES, GROSS PROFIT
AND INCOME, THE NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE, MARKET
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRODUCTS, OUR ABILITY TO CONSUMMATE ACQUISITIONS AND INTEGRATE
THEIR OPERATIONS SUCCESSFULLY, OUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE FURTHER PRODUCT
INTEGRATION, THE STATUS OF EVOLVING TECHNOLOGIES AND THEIR GROWTH POTENTIAL, OUR
PRODUCTION CAPACITY, OUR ABILITY TO MIGRATE TO SMALLER PROCESS GEOMETRIES, AND
THE SUCCESS OF PENDING LITIGATION. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON
OUR CURRENT EXPECTATIONS, ESTIMATES AND PROJECTIONS ABOUT OUR INDUSTRY,
MANAGEMENT'S BELIEFS, AND CERTAIN ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY US. WORDS SUCH AS
"ANTICIPATES," "EXPECTS," "INTENDS," "PLANS," "BELIEVES," "SEEKS," "ESTIMATES,"
"MAY," "WILL" AND VARIATIONS OF THESE WORDS OR SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED
TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. IN ADDITION, ANY STATEMENTS THAT REFER
TO EXPECTATIONS, PROJECTIONS OR OTHER CHARACTERIZATIONS OF FUTURE EVENTS OR
CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING ANY UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS, ARE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS. THESE STATEMENTS ARE NOT GUARANTEES OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND ARE
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND ASSUMPTIONS THAT ARE DIFFICULT TO
PREDICT. THEREFORE, OUR ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY
FROM THOSE EXPRESSED IN ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AS A RESULT OF VARIOUS
FACTORS. THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" SET FORTH IN PART II, ITEM 7,
"MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS," OF THIS REPORT, AND SIMILAR DISCUSSIONS IN OUR OTHER SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION ("SEC") FILINGS, DISCUSS SOME OF THE IMPORTANT RISK FACTORS
THAT MAY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. YOU
SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THOSE RISKS, IN ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION IN
THIS REPORT AND IN OUR OTHER FILINGS WITH THE SEC, BEFORE DECIDING TO INVEST IN
OUR COMPANY OR TO MAINTAIN OR INCREASE YOUR INVESTMENT. WE UNDERTAKE NO
OBLIGATION TO REVISE OR UPDATE PUBLICLY ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS FOR ANY
REASON.

         IN THIS REPORT, ALL SHARE NUMBERS AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS HAVE BEEN
RETROACTIVELY ADJUSTED TO REFLECT OUR 2-FOR-1 STOCK SPLITS, EACH IN THE FORM OF
A 100% STOCK DIVIDEND, EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 17, 1999 AND FEBRUARY 11, 2000,
RESPECTIVELY.

                                     PART I.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

         Broadcom Corporation is the leading provider of highly integrated
silicon solutions that enable broadband digital transmission of voice, video and
data to and throughout the home and within the business enterprise. These
integrated circuits permit the cost effective delivery of high-speed,
high-bandwidth networking using existing communications infrastructures that
were not originally designed for the transmission of broadband digital content.
Using proprietary technologies and advanced design methodologies, we
design, develop and supply integrated circuits for a number of the most
significant broadband communications markets, including the markets for digital
cable set-top boxes, cable modems, high-speed office networks, home networking,
direct broadcast satellite and terrestrial digital broadcast, and digital
subscriber lines. Although the communications infrastructures of these markets
are very different, we have leveraged our core technologies and introduced
integrated circuits for each of these markets that deliver the cost and
performance levels necessary to enable the widespread deployment of broadband
transmission services. Our broadband transmission products consist primarily of
high-performance digital signal processing circuits that implement complex
communications algorithms, surrounded by precision high-speed analog-to-digital
and digital-to-analog converter circuits. Our products integrate comprehensive
systems solutions into single chips or chipsets, which:

         o eliminate costly external components;

         o reduce board space;

         o simplify our customer's manufacturing process;

         o lower our customer's system costs; and

         o enable higher performance.

         Customers currently shipping broadband communications equipment
incorporating our products include 3Com, Cisco Systems, General Instrument
(which was acquired by Motorola in January 2000), Hewlett-Packard, Motorola,
Nortel Networks, Pace, Samsung, Scientific-Atlanta and Thomson CE, among
others.


                                       1


<PAGE>   5

INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

         In recent years, there has been a dramatic increase in business and
consumer demand for high-speed access to multimedia information and
entertainment content, consisting of voice, video and data. This demand is being
driven by the growth of desirable information and entertainment content
accessible via the Internet and cable and data networks. The improved
availability and affordability of access devices such as digital set-top boxes,
PCs and other consumer appliances have also stimulated demand for high-speed
transmissions. Computer processor speeds have increased dramatically over the
last decade and, as a result, have significantly improved the rate at which
multimedia data can be processed. However, the rate at which such data can be
transmitted has not kept pace. This disparity has become known as the "bandwidth
gap" and has frustrated users and challenged solutions providers in a number of
markets.

         The bandwidth gap has emerged in a variety of commercial and consumer
applications. Businesses are constantly seeking new ways to access and analyze
larger amounts of information to improve the quality of management decisions and
enhance customer and employee communications. Many businesses have deployed
local area networks, commonly known as LANs, which are principally based upon
the Ethernet standard. Ethernet is the predominant networking protocol used in
LANs for connecting devices at data rates of 10, 100 and 1000 Megabits
per second ("Mbps") by means of copper twisted pair cabling. Emerging trends
such as the convergence of voice, video and data along with the ever-increasing
volumes of electronic traffic are placing new demands on legacy LAN technologies
and infrastructures. Businesses would prefer to address these new demands
without incurring the cost of installing new cabling or switching network
technologies. In order to accommodate the need for more bandwidth, much of the
installed base of 10 Mbps Ethernet ports will need to be upgraded to higher
speed 100 and 1000 Mbps connections. Furthermore, real-time traffic such as
voice and video will not only place additional demands on network bandwidth, but
will also require intelligence and deterministic behavior provided by devices
referred to as switches. Switches provide dedicated bandwidth to each end-user,
versus repeaters, which share the bandwidth among end-users.

         Individuals are also increasingly using their home PCs to access the
Internet and to telecommute. Consumer online usage is expected to increase
rapidly with the availability and market acceptance of low cost PCs (sub $1,000)
and the increased availability and improving quality of content. In addition,
the increasing number of next generation television set-top boxes, PCs and other
devices that feature integrated Internet access will contribute to the surging
demand for rapid access to information. As the volume of traffic continues to
grow, consumers are becoming increasingly frustrated with the low performance of
"last mile" remote access connections that are typically limited to data rates
of only 28.8 kbps to 56 kbps and require several minutes or hours to download
large multimedia-intensive files.

         Business and residential PC users have not been the only ones affected
by the bandwidth gap. Cable television subscribers seeking more entertainment
options, including Internet access, and cable service providers seeking higher
revenue services beyond basic cable, have generally been frustrated by the
limited amount of programming that can be provided over the existing cable
infrastructure. The cable infrastructure historically also has not been able to
deliver interactive multimedia content. With the advent of digital television
and digital compression technologies such as MPEG, the conversion from analog
transmission to digital transmission enables a dramatic increase in the number
of channels available to the subscriber. In late 1996, cable television service
providers began offering expanded services, including digital programming
through new digital set-top boxes, as well as high-speed Internet access and
telecommuting through cable modems. A cable modem is a device that allows a
cable subscriber to transmit and receive data over coaxial cable. In order to
satisfy customer demand for increased programming and other entertainment
options, and to capitalize on the revenue growth opportunities associated with
these expanded services, service providers will have to deploy a new generation
of digital set-top boxes and headend equipment. A headend is the central
distribution point in a cable television system.

         Much of the bandwidth gap is a result of the existing "last mile"
communications infrastructure, which was originally designed for lower speed
analog transmission rather than high-speed digital transmission. This
infrastructure consists primarily of copper twisted pair wiring, coaxial cable
and wireless communication connections. Copper twisted pair wiring was
originally intended for the transmission of narrowband analog voice while
coaxial cable was intended for delivery of one-way analog video signals. These
analog infrastructures have numerous impairments, which make broadband
transmission of digital data very difficult.


                                       2


<PAGE>   6

         Because it is impractical to replace these communications
infrastructures with entirely new infrastructures that are optimized for digital
data transmission, the fundamental challenge for service and equipment providers
is to enable broadband communications over existing infrastructures. These
providers are in a race to introduce new cost-effective technologies and
products into the broadband communications marketplace.

MARKETS

         The principal broadband communications markets include:

         Digital Cable Set-Top Boxes

         The last decade has seen rapid growth in the quantity and diversity in
television programming. Despite ongoing efforts to upgrade the existing cable
infrastructure, an inadequate number of channels exist to provide the content
demanded by consumers. In an effort to increase the number of channels and to
provide higher picture quality, cable service providers began offering digital
programming in 1996 through the use of new digital cable set-top boxes. These
digital cable set-top boxes facilitate high-speed digital communications between
a subscriber's television and the cable network. Digital cable set-top boxes
currently able to support downstream (to the subscriber) transmission speeds of
up to 43 Mbps (North American standard) or 56 Mbps (international standard), and
several hundred MPEG-2 compressed digital television channels to be delivered to
the consumer. Additional applications for digital cable set-top boxes include
Internet access, interactive television, high definition television, audio
players and cable telephony. A new generation of digital cable set-top boxes is
being introduced to facilitate television Internet access, to support high
definition television and to provide a gateway for the distribution of voice,
video and data throughout the home and business.

         Cable Modems

         Cable television operators have been upgrading their systems to hybrid
fiber coaxial cable, commonly known as HFC in the telecommunications industry.
These upgraded HFC networks are able to support two-way communications,
high-speed Internet access and telecommuting through the use of a cable modem.
High-speed Internet access services, including @Home and RoadRunner, were
introduced in 1996 in conjunction with several cable system operators. These
services use cable modems to connect PCs to the cable network and have been
designed to achieve downstream transmission speeds of up to 43 Mbps (North
American standard) or 56 Mbps (international standard), and upstream (to the
network) transmission speeds of up to 10 Mbps. These transmission rates are
nearly 1,000 times faster than the fastest analog telephone modems (56 kbps
downstream and 28.8 kbps upstream) currently available. We believe the high
speeds of cable modems should enable an entirely new generation of
multimedia-rich content over the Internet and make telecommuting a productive
and effective means for work at home. Cable modems will allow cable operators to
expand their traditional video product offerings to include data and telephone
services. The cable industry's adoption of the Data Over Cable Service Interface
Specification, commonly known as DOCSIS, in 1997 made possible interoperability
between different manufacturers' cable modems and headend equipment across
different cable networks. The standard enables the cost-effective deployment of
cable modems via retail channels.

         High-Speed Networking

         A LAN is comprised of different types of equipment interconnected by
cables. Computers and servers via Network Interface Cards ("NICs"), repeaters,
switches and routers are all examples of networking equipment. Ethernet is a
computer networking protocol that describes a set of rules by which devices
connected to a LAN may communicate. Ethernet physical layer standards have been
established for different data rates (10, 100 and 1000 Mbps) and transmission
mediums (copper, fiber and coax cabling). 100 Mbps Ethernet is sometimes
referred to as Fast Ethernet, and 1000 Mbps is referred to as Gigabit Ethernet.

         As communications bottlenecks have appeared in corporate LANs, new
technologies such as Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet are being employed to
replace older technologies such as 10Base-T Ethernet (10 Mbps) and Token Ring
(16 Mbps). As desktop connections continue to migrate to Fast Ethernet, we
believe that Gigabit Ethernet will emerge as the predominant technology for
servers and backbone infrastructures that support LANs, and will eventually
migrate to the desktop itself. We anticipate that a significant portion of the
installed base of 10Base-T


                                       3


<PAGE>   7

Ethernet repeater/hub ports, switches and NICs will be upgraded to the faster
technologies. In addition, the need for dedicated and predictable bandwidth to
the desktop is driving a transition from legacy repeater to switch connections.
Switches will not only have the ability to provide dedicated bandwidth to each
connection, but will also provide routing functionality and possess the
intelligence to deal with differentiated traffic such as voice, video and data.

         Home Networking

         The proliferation of multi-PC households increases the need for home
networking solutions and lays the foundation for extending the reach of the
shared broadband Internet access, video transfer and voice at high speeds
throughout the home and small office. The industry's adoption of the Home
Phoneline Networking Alliance's (HomePNA(TM)) 2.0 standard for 10 Mbps home
networking technology has met this need by enabling the development of
affordable, easy-to-use networking solutions for the consumer. This standard
delivers a 10 Mbps data rate for home phoneline networking while maintaining
full backward compatibility and interoperability with existing HomePNA 1 Mbps
technology. We believe this standard will enable the ubiquitous delivery of
voice, video and data concurrently to any network-enabled appliance, PC or
consumer electronic device over ordinary phone lines at speeds of 10 Mbps and
higher and provides a complete, standards-based silicon platform for a host of
new consumer devices and applications.

         DBS, Terrestrial Digital Broadcast and Broadband Fixed Wireless

         Digital Broadcast Satellite, commonly known as DBS, is the primary
alternative to cable for providing digital television programming. DBS can be
used to transmit information at speeds of up to 90 Mbps. DBS broadcasts video
and audio data from satellites directly to digital set-top boxes in the home via
dish antennas. Due to the ability of DBS to provide television programming where
no cable infrastructure is in place, we believe that the U.S. market for DBS may
eventually be surpassed by the international market where the cable
infrastructure is generally less extensive.

         Other broadband wireless technologies include:

         o  Terrestrial Digital Broadcast Television, the upgrade of analog
            broadcast television to digital, which enables the delivery of high
            definition television;

         o  Multichannel Multipoint Distribution System, commonly known as MMDS,
            which uses microwave frequencies (below 10 GHz) to transmit voice,
            video and data over two-way terrestrial digital microwave channels
            to digital set-top boxes and wireless modems; and

         o  Local Multipoint Distribution System, commonly known as LMDS, which
            uses even higher microwave frequencies (above 10 GHz) to transmit
            voice, video and data to digital set-top boxes and wireless modems
            over a shorter distance via a cellular-like network.

         MMDS and LMDS are wireless systems that are currently being tested in
limited deployments. In the U.S. market, the MMDS and LMDS industry has
experienced significant license holder consolidation, which may lead to greater
investment in equipment and service for these markets. These new networks, which
are able to provide programming in areas that do not have cable, will also
require a digital set-top box or wireless modem.

         We are currently developing products specifically for the MMDS and LMDS
(broadband fixed wireless) markets as part of an agreement with Cisco Systems
that we announced in October 1999.

         Beginning in 1999, the FCC has mandated that the top four affiliated
television stations begin digital broadcasting and has required that all current
television broadcasters and their affiliates return the old analog spectrum by
the year 2006 for FCC auction. ABC, CBS and NBC have announced that they are
transmitting high definition television signals in some markets and will
continue to expand that offering in 2000 and in the future. We believe this
conversion to digital broadcasting will also require new digital set-top boxes
and television receivers.

                                       4
<PAGE>   8

         xDSL

         Digital Subscriber Lines, commonly known as xDSL, represent a family of
broadband technologies that use the copper twisted pair wiring in the existing
telephone local loops to deliver high speed data transmission. xDSL speeds range
from 128 kbps to 52 Mbps depending on the distance between the central office
and the subscriber. These data rates are enabling a wide range of new services,
including high-speed Internet access, multi-line voice and digital television
delivery. Most major North American and European telephone operating companies
are deploying asymmetric DSL (ADSL) and symmetric DSL (SDSL) in selected areas
in their networks. There has also been a significant increase in the amount of
xDSL deployed in the Far East, notably in Korea. For the most part, ADSL is
targeted towards residential customers, while SDSL is offered to business
customers. The major Internet service providers are also embracing xDSL
technologies.

         While ADSL and SDSL can provide high-speed Internet access and
multi-line voice, neither of these technologies is well suited for
transmission of entertainment quality video. Very High Bit-Rate DSL (VDSL)
is the latest technology in the DSL family to address this need. VDSL is now
in volume deployment in the U.S. and Canada. Capable of transmission rates four
to five times faster than the highest ADSL rates and leveraging increased fiber
build-outs by the operators, this technology enables telephone companies to
offer complete broadband service offerings delivering voice, video and data
services to the home over their existing wiring infrastructure.

                                  *    *    *

         These broadband communications markets are at different phases in their
evolution. High-speed networking is an established market that is currently
being upgraded, cable modems, digital cable and DBS set-top boxes are, on a
global basis, in an early growth phase, and the home networking and xDSL markets
are emerging.

         The desire by equipment manufacturers and service providers to develop
these markets has created the need for new generations of semiconductor
solutions. Broadband transmission of digital information over existing
infrastructures requires highly integrated mixed-signal semiconductor solutions
to perform critical systems functions such as complex signal processing and
converting digital data to and from analog signals. Broadband communications
equipment requires substantially higher levels of system performance, in terms
of both speed and precision, that typically cannot be adequately addressed by
traditional semiconductor solutions developed for low speed transmission
applications. Moreover, solutions that are based on multiple discrete analog and
digital chips generally cannot achieve the cost-effectiveness, performance and
reliability required by the broadband communications markets. These requirements
are best addressed by new generations of highly integrated mixed-signal devices
that combine complex analog and digital functions with high performance
circuitry that can be manufactured in high volumes using cost-effective
semiconductor technologies.

THE BROADCOM SOLUTION

         Broadcom Corporation is the leading provider of highly integrated
silicon solutions that enable broadband digital data transmission of voice,
video and data to and throughout the home and within the business enterprise.
Using our proprietary communications algorithms and protocols, advanced DSP
architectures, silicon compiler design methodologies and full-custom,
mixed-signal circuit design techniques, we have designed and developed
integrated circuits for some of the most significant broadband communications
markets. Our expertise in communications algorithms and our detailed
understanding of transmission media enable us to integrate complex systems
incorporating signal processing functions such as digital demodulation, adaptive
equalization and error correction in a single device. In addition, our broad
knowledge of advanced communications protocols enables us to design protocol
processing integrated circuits that seamlessly interface our mixed-signal
transceiver integrated circuits with higher-level networking layers for
communications applications.

         We develop all of our products using low-cost, highly-manufacturable
complementary metal oxide semiconductor technologies, commonly known as CMOS,
that enable us to integrate comprehensive systems solutions into single chips,
thereby eliminating costly external components, reducing board space,
simplifying the customer's equipment manufacturing process, lowering customer
system costs and enabling higher performance. Our proprietary technology and
advanced design methodologies facilitate a high likelihood of first pass silicon
success, accelerated time-to-market, and ease of porting to multiple foundries.
Our design methodologies also allow us to rapidly and cost-effectively
incorporate proprietary features or intellectual property from our key strategic
customers into products that are exclusive to those customers, thereby enabling
them to differentiate their products.


                                        5


<PAGE>   9

     STRATEGY

         Our objective is to be the leading provider of highly integrated
silicon solutions to the worldwide broadband communications markets. Key
elements of our strategy include the following:

         Target Multiple High-Growth Broadband Communications Markets. Our
         strategy is to identify rapidly growing broadband digital
         communications markets and to develop highly integrated silicon
         solutions for applications in those markets. Our initial products were
         designed for the digital cable set-top box, cable modem and high-speed
         networking markets, which require high-performance, feature-rich and
         highly integrated semiconductor solutions. We have recently leveraged
         our core technologies to design and develop semiconductor solutions for
         the home networking, DBS, terrestrial digital broadcast, broadband
         wireless and xDSL markets, which we believe have significant growth
         potential.

         Strengthen and Expand Strategic Relationships with Industry Leaders. We
         have established strategic relationships with key equipment
         manufacturers, including 3Com, Cisco Systems, General Instrument,
         Hewlett-Packard, Motorola, Nortel Networks and Pace, which are market
         and technology leaders within the broadband communications markets.
         While we design products that can be used by multiple customers, our
         proprietary design methodologies allow us to design custom features
         rapidly based on either our own or our customers' intellectual
         property. This capability enables our customers to improve their
         time-to-market, differentiate their products and address new market
         opportunities. We believe that these strategic relationships are
         essential to our continued growth and to the further development and
         acceptance of our technologies.

         Extend Technology Leadership and Achieve Rapid Time-to-Market. We are
         aggressively building on our technology leadership by investing
         substantial research and development resources in all of our key
         technology areas. We work closely with leading communications systems
         companies to develop new and enhanced algorithms that address next
         generation broadband market opportunities. Our strategy is to continue
         to implement these algorithms in highly integrated, full-custom
         integrated circuits using DSP architectures that optimize performance,
         efficiency and cost. During product development, we leverage our
         silicon compiler technologies and proprietary circuit libraries and
         layouts of high-performance analog and digital chip building blocks,
         to accelerate time-to-market for new products. Our silicon solutions
         for each of these markets benefit from the same underlying core
         technologies, providing us significant leverage in our ability to
         address a diverse set of end user markets with a relatively focused
         investment in research and development.

         Drive Industry Standards. We actively participate in the formulation of
         critical standards for the broadband communications markets. We believe
         such participation provides us with several significant benefits,
         including accelerating and expanding the development of markets for our
         products by encouraging all market participants to focus their efforts
         on developing products compliant with the standards. We also believe
         our participation in the formulation of industry standards provides us
         with valuable insight and relationships, which assists us to be early
         to market with products incorporating the standards. We have
         established strategic relationships with major networking equipment and
         cable modem vendors and were a principal participant in formulating and
         writing DOCSIS. These standards govern the end-to-end delivery of
         high-speed data services over HFC cable networks and facilitate the
         development of interoperable networking products, including cable
         modems. Our active participation in this process helped us to be the
         first provider of transmission and protocol chips to equipment
         manufacturers developing DOCSIS compliant products. We are also
         currently participating in the formulation and evolution of standards
         for next generation cable modems, voice-over-cable, Gigabit Ethernet,
         broadband fixed wireless, home networking systems and xDSL.

         Focus on Highly Integrated Solutions. We believe our analog
         mixed-signal technology and advanced design methodologies enable us to
         offer silicon solutions that are more highly integrated than
         competitive alternatives. High levels of integration and aggressive
         product development roadmaps allow us to enhance the value-added
         benefits of our products in our customers' systems. We believe
         integration, which reduces the total component count in the system,
         provides many fundamental benefits for our customers, including
         streamlining their production flow, improving yields, saving board
         space, shortening time-to-market, reducing production costs and
         improving performance and reliability. These benefits have often helped
         our customers to achieve faster and broader penetration within their
         respective markets.

         Engage in Strategic Acquisitions. To accelerate our time-to-market for
         particular products and technologies, to facilitate and expedite our
         entry into new or related broadband communications markets, and to meet
         engineering staffing requirements, we engage in selective acquisitions
         of other companies. Since January 1999 we have completed eight such
         acquisitions, and we expect to undertake additional acquisitions in
         2000 and in the future.

                                       6


<PAGE>   10

CUSTOMERS AND STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS

         We sell our products to leading manufacturers of broadband
communications equipment in each of our target markets. Because we leverage our
technology across different markets, certain of our integrated circuits may be
incorporated into equipment used in several different markets.

         Customers currently shipping broadband communications equipment
incorporating our products include 3Com, Cisco Systems, General Instrument,
Hewlett-Packard, Motorola, Nortel Networks, Pace, Samsung, Scientific-Atlanta
and Thomson CE, among others.

         As part of our business strategy, we periodically establish strategic
relationships with certain key customers. In September 1997, we entered into a
Development, Supply and License Agreement with General Instrument. This
agreement provides that we will develop chips for General Instrument's digital
cable set-top boxes and supply these chips to General Instrument for four years.
General Instrument agreed to purchase 100% of its requirements for components
containing transmission, communications or video decompression (MPEG) functions
for its digital cable set-top box subscriber products from us in the first year
of this agreement. General Instrument's purchase requirements are subject to our
good faith efforts to maintain our competitive position with respect to these
components. The percentage of its product requirements that General Instrument
must purchase from us declines each year over the term of the agreement to 45%
of General Instrument's requirements in 2001. General Instrument also granted us
a royalty-bearing, perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide license to use its MPEG
and related technology.

         From time to time, we have also entered into development agreements
with 3Com, Cisco Systems, Hewlett-Packard, Nortel Networks, Sony and others. We
have worked closely with these customers to co-develop products for these
customers.

         A small number of customers have historically accounted for a
substantial portion of our revenue. Sales to General Instrument (including sales
to its manufacturing subcontractors) represented approximately 27.5% of our
revenue in 1999 and approximately 35.5% of our revenue in 1998. Sales to 3Com
(including sales to its manufacturing subcontractors) represented approximately
18.1% of our revenue in 1999 and approximately 26.8% of our revenue in 1998.
Sales to Cisco (including sales to its manufacturing subcontractors) represented
approximately 10.6% of our revenue in 1999. Sales to our five largest customers
represented approximately 67.0% of our revenue in 1999 and approximately 74.2%
of our revenue in 1998. General Instrument was acquired by Motorola, Inc. in
January 2000. The loss of any key customer could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

PRODUCTS

         Our six primary product lines encompass:

         o  high-speed communications and MPEG video/audio/graphics devices for
            the digital cable television set-top box market;

         o  high-speed data transmission and media access control devices for
            the cable modem market;

         o  10/100/1000Base-T Ethernet transceivers, integrated repeater
            controllers, integrated switch controllers and proprietary
            application specific integrated circuits ("ASICs") for the
            high-speed networking market;

         o  controllers and integrated transceivers and v.90 soft modem software
            for the home networking market;

         o  receivers and MPEG video/audio/graphics devices for the DBS and
            terrestrial digital broadcast markets; and

         o  broadband transceivers for the xDSL market.

         We also develop and sell reference platforms designed around our
integrated circuit products that represent application examples for
incorporation into our customers' equipment. By providing these reference
platforms, we can assist our customers in achieving easier and faster
transitions from initial prototype designs through final production releases.
These reference platforms enhance the customer's confidence that our products
will meet their market requirements and product introduction schedules.


                                       7

<PAGE>   11

         Digital Cable Set-Top Boxes

         We offer a suite of silicon solutions for digital cable set-top boxes
and cable headends which encompass the high-speed transmission, reception and
decompression of digital audio and video multimedia signals. These products are
also applicable to the terrestrial digital broadcast markets. Our QAMLink(R)
transmission products integrate the core functionality required of advanced
communications transceiver devices including modulators and demodulators for
quadrature amplitude modulation, commonly known as QAM, and quadrature phase
shift keying, commonly known as QPSK. QAM is a digital modulation technique that
allows very efficient transmission of data over media with limited available
bandwidth. QSPK is a digital modulation technique that is widely employed in DBS
transmission systems. Our QAMLink transmission products also integrate adaptive
equalization, which corrects for distortion in the transmission media, forward
error correction, which corrects for errors that occur in the transmitted data,
and high-speed analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog conversion. We have
designed these products to meet both international and North American
communications standards for cable networks. Several of these products also
incorporate additional set-top box functionality such as cable network protocol
processing for entitlement and tiered programming access and input/output device
control.

         In the fourth quarter of 1999, we introduced our first single-chip High
Definition (HD) MPEG-2 video and graphics multimedia device. This device
incorporates all of the processing capabilities necessary to decode and display
a MPEG-2 digital television data stream and subsequently reconstruct an analog
HD studio quality television signal that can be displayed on a standard or HD
television receiver. This chip integrates MPEG-2 video decompression, Dolby AC3
audio compression, MPEG-2 transport processing, studio quality 2D and 3D
graphics, analog video reconstruction and other necessary video-graphics related
functions required to deliver video and audio to a television. We believe our
combination of transmission and MPEG silicon solutions, licensed MIPS
microprocessor cores and graphics technology will provide all of the significant
silicon functionality of most existing digital cable set-top boxes with the
exceptions of the security functions and memory.

         Our principal products for digital cable set-top boxes include the
BCM3116 (downstream QAM receiver), BCM3120 (universal set-top box transceiver),
BCM3125 (universal set-top box transceiver), BCM3300 (integrated DOCSIS cable
modem chip) and the BCM7010 (MPEG system on a chip).

         Cable Modems

         We have leveraged our core transmission technologies that were
developed for the cable set-top box market and adapted them to the development
of a family of products that enable digital data to be delivered over an HFC
cable network at downstream speeds of up to 56 Mbps and upstream speeds of up to
10 Mbps. These products incorporate modulation, adaptive equalization and error
correction technologies similar to those of our digital set-top box products and
thereby achieve robust and reliable transmission, especially in the noisy and
interference-prone upstream direction. The cable modem product family includes
solutions for both the cable headend and subscriber. We have also expanded our
core technology offerings in this area to include a DOCSIS Media Access
Controller, commonly known as a MAC, which controls the upstream and downstream
data flow over the cable network as well as a RISC central processing unit
(CPU), Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface, and Ethernet and IP security
functions. In December 1999 we introduced the BCM3350 single-chip cable modem,
which integrates all the essential functions of a DOCSIS cable modem into a
single chip, including the DOCSIS-based upstream and downstream physical layers,
DOCSIS MAC, 10/100BaseT Ethernet physical layer and Ethernet MAC, a USB
transceiver, a RISC CPU and IP security functions. This device allows cable
modems to provide data telephony services over the cable network using the
Internet Protocol. With our comprehensive offering of silicon solutions for both
the cable modem and cable headend, designed to the DOCSIS specification, we are
capable of supplying our customers with complete end-to-end silicon solutions
for their DOCSIS products.

         Our principal products for cable modems include the BCM3037 (universal
QPSK/QAM burst modulator), BCM3116 (downstream QAM receiver), BCM3118
(downstream QAM receiver), BCM3137 (headend QPSK/QAM burst receiver), BCM3220
(DOCSIS media access controller) and the BCM3300 (single chip DOCSIS cable
modem)


                                       8
<PAGE>   12

         High-Speed Networking

         Our networking products provide the core functionality required for
building Ethernet NICs, repeater/hubs and switches which support the Ethernet,
Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet standards. Our Digi-(PHI)(TM) transceivers
are the basic elements required to implement an Ethernet connection. The
Digi-(PHI) architecture incorporates our patent-pending DSP processing
algorithms combined with high-speed analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog
converters to create a highly-robust and cost-effective solution. In addition to
the DSP-based architecture, the family of Digi-(PHI) transceiver products
feature low power and low voltage (2.5 Volts) operation, making them suitable
for high port density switches and hubs, as well as PCI2.2 compliant mobile and
desktop adapter cards and computer motherboards. We also offer a variety of
integrated repeater and switch controller devices, to provide a broad suite of
Fast Ethernet products to meet the demands of the adapter card, repeater/hub,
switch, network peripheral and router markets. In addition, we develop and
produce proprietary ASICs combining our customer's intellectual property with
our advanced Digi-(PHI) transceiver and other communication cores.

         Our principal high-speed networking products include the BCM5208 (quad
10/100Base-T transceiver), BCM5308 (nine port 10/100Base-T switch), BCM 5903
(single chip 10/100Base-T transceiver with integrated MAC) and BCM5904 (single
chip 10/100Base-T transceiver with integrated MAC ASIC).

         Home Networking

         Our home networking products are built around the iLine10(TM) chipset
family, which networks data and multi-media applications at rates of 10 Mbps
over the ordinary phone lines found in any home. iLine10 products use QAM
modulation to send Ethernet data frames over ordinary phone wires in the home,
without disturbing the ability to use the same phone wires for both regular
phone service and ADSL broadband Internet access simultaneously. iLine10 enabled
products include adapter cards and dongles for personal computers, add-in
modules for home broadband gateways, and specialized chipsets and drivers for
Internet appliances. Our principal home networking products include the BCM4100
(integrated iLine10 analog front-end transceiver) and the BCM4210
(fully-integrated iLine10 MAC/PHY device).

         Additionally our AltoCom subsidiary licenses v.90 soft modem
technology. The AltoCom software is very efficient in its modulation algorithms,
resulting in lower CPU utilization and lower power consumption compared to
competitive alternatives. As a result, over 20 companies have licensed the
AltoCom software for use in Internet appliances, xDSL gateways and other
devices.

         DBS and Terrestrial Digital Broadcast

         Our products for the DBS market are designed to meet the needs of
satellite set-top box providers and incorporate the functionality necessary to
receive, demodulate and decode a broadband QPSK signal, including advanced
forward error correction. These products can be programmed to accommodate
satellite standards such as DSS, the DIRECTV standard; DVB, the international
standard; and Primestar. These products can operate at any data rate from 2 to
90 Mbps. Our MPEG system on a chip, the BCM7010, employs the MPEG-2 standard,
which enables it to be used in either digital cable set-top boxes or DBS set-top
boxes. Our principal DBS and terrestrial digital broadcast product is the
BCM4200 (QSPK receiver for DSS and DVB digital satellite reception).

         xDSL

         Our product for DSL transmission incorporates the functionality to
enable data to be transmitted and received at high speed over the existing
copper twisted pair wiring in the telephone local loops. Our BCM6010 currently
offers the industry's only single-chip mixed-signal silicon solution that can be
configured to operate at data rates spanning ISDN (128 kbps) to VDSL (52 Mbps),
thereby accommodating the needs of a wide variety of xDSL market segments in a
single chip. This solution offers network operators the ability to initially
install high-speed ADSL data services on the existing local loop plant and
subsequently offer higher data rates for video-related services on an upgraded
plant. We have leveraged our mixed-signal and DSP processing design expertise
developed for cable television and wireless products to develop the BCM6010
(scalable xDSL QAM transceiver for twisted-pair applications).


                                       9


<PAGE>   13

         Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop new silicon
solutions for existing and new markets, introduce such products in a timely and
cost-effective manner, and achieve design wins. We may not be able to develop or
introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective manner or in sufficient
quantities to meet customer demand. In addition, it is possible that new
products may not satisfy customer requirements or achieve market acceptance.

CORE TECHNOLOGIES

         We believe that one of our key competitive advantages is our broad base
of core technologies encompassing the complete design space from systems to
silicon. We have developed and continue to build on four primary technology
foundations:

         o  proprietary communications systems algorithms and protocols;

         o  advanced DSP hardware architectures;

         o  silicon compiler design methodologies and advanced cell library
            development for both standard cell and full-custom integrated
            circuit design; and

         o  high performance analog and mixed-signal circuit design using
            industry standard CMOS processes.

         Communications Algorithms and Protocols

         We have been an innovator in developing advanced modulation and coding
systems and integrating them onto a single chip. These include QAM, VSB and QPSK
receivers incorporating digital demodulation, adaptive equalization and
sophisticated forward error correction techniques. These receivers incorporate
novel signal processing algorithms to facilitate robust performance in severely
distorted channels. These core transmission algorithms are broadly applicable to
our products in the areas of satellite, terrestrial wireless, digital cable
set-top box, cable modem, xDSL and home networking. We introduced the industry's
first DOCSIS physical layer and media access control chips for cable modems, the
industry's first 52 Mbps VDSL transceiver, as well as the industry's first 10
Mbps home phoneline networking solution. We have also developed the world's
first all-DSP based transceiver chips for Fast Ethernet LAN applications. This
Digi-(PHI) transceiver core has been used in a number of our single, quad, hex
and octal channel transceiver products for Ethernet (10/100Base-TX)
applications. Our DSP algorithmic expertise has also been extended and applied
to the development of the world's first Gigabit copper twisted pair transceiver.
In addition to data transmission algorithms, we have developed significant
expertise in networking protocols which we have applied to the development of
MAC devices for cable modems and interactive set-top box applications as well as
Ethernet MAC controllers and switching and packet filtering techniques for Fast
Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet Internet Protocol (IP) networks. We have also
developed innovative techniques for digital video processing in the areas of
standard definition and high definition MPEG decompression, digital audio
decoding, advanced 2D and 3D graphics for set-top boxes, and NTSC digital video
encoders and decoders. Next generation IP networks have very demanding Quality
of Service (QoS) requirements for supporting low latency transport of voice
traffic, and we have incorporated our substantial algorithm, protocol and
software expertise for voice processing into a wide variety of Voice over IP
(VoIP) products.

         Digital Signal Processing Hardware Architectures

         We have developed cost-effective, single-chip broadband transceivers by
mapping complex communications algorithms into low-complexity DSP hardware
architectures. We are a technology leader in the area of low-complexity,
high-performance silicon embedded algorithms. We have individually implemented
these communications algorithms in full-custom logic rather than the
conventional approach of running all of the algorithms in firmware on a single
general purpose programmable DSP architecture. This design approach is combined
with silicon compiler-based design methodologies which generate the custom logic
functions. This results in chips that are less complex and less expensive to
manufacture than conventional implementations. One particular area where we have
developed leading DSP technology is in digital adaptive equalization. Equalizers
are key components in all of our transceiver products. We believe that the speed
and density of our equalizers help to distinguish our products in the
marketplace. Our single-chip, mixed-signal adaptive DSP transceiver for Gigabit
Ethernet achieves an unprecedented throughput of over 250 billion operations per
second.


                                       10


<PAGE>   14

         Silicon Compiler Design Methodologies

         We have developed proprietary silicon compiler technologies that enable
designers to implement chips using a high level of abstraction yet produce
area-efficient integrated circuit layouts and achieve short design cycles. The
cells that are synthesized from this process can be individually optimized for
functionality, performance, topology, electrical characteristics and
manufacturing process portability. We have designed compilers for standard
cells, arithmetic processing, memories and analog building blocks. In addition,
we have created compilers to manage the implementation of higher level functions
such as digital filters, adaptive equalizers, modulators, demodulators and
numerically controlled oscillators/direct digital frequency synthesizers. We
believe that these silicon compiler capabilities accelerate time-to-market by
improving designer productivity and by providing functional blocks that can be
reused in multiple products. In addition, these compiler techniques
significantly reduce errors, thereby frequently resulting in first pass silicon
success. We have also developed, and continue to improve and expand, our own
proprietary set of circuit and layout libraries for both standard cell and
full-custom integrated circuits.

         Full-Custom Analog and Mixed-Signal Circuit Design

         We have developed significant analog and mixed-signal circuit
expertise. We have achieved a level of circuit performance in standard CMOS
process technologies that is normally associated with more expensive special
purpose silicon fabrication technologies. All of our high-performance analog
building blocks are implemented in the same low-cost single poly CMOS
technologies as the digital semiconductor circuitry. In addition to achieving
high performance, our analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog converters are
among the lowest die area devices in the industry, which makes them well suited
for integration into high volume mixed-signal products. Virtually all of our
transmission products incorporate a mixed-signal analog front-end. In addition
to our baseband mixed-signal circuit expertise, we have developed a substantial
base of expertise in CMOS RF design. We have introduced the world's first
all-CMOS RF tuner for cable TV receivers. This device incorporates a wide
variety of sophisticated RF building blocks, including low noise amplifiers,
highly linear amplifiers and mixers, wideband phase-locked loop frequency
synthesizers, low phase noise oscillators and on-chip RF filters.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

         We have assembled a core team of experienced engineers and
technologists, many of whom are leaders in their particular field or discipline.
As of March 1, 2000 approximately two-thirds of our 744 research and development
employees had advanced degrees. Our work force includes approximately 100
employees with Ph.D.s. These employees are involved in advancing our core
technologies, as well as applying these core technologies to our product
development activities in the areas of broadband communications in our target
markets. The transmission solutions for each of these markets benefit from the
same underlying core technologies, which enables us to leverage our ability to
address various broadband communications markets with a relatively focused
investment in research and development.

         We believe that the achievement of higher levels of integration and the
introduction of new products in our target markets is essential to our growth.
As a result, we plan to continue to increase research and development staffing
levels in 2000. We have established additional design centers in Tempe, Arizona,
San Diego, Sunnyvale and San Jose, California, Atlanta, Georgia, Bunnik, the
Netherlands, and Singapore. As a result of our 1999 acquisitions of Armedia,
Inc. and HotHaus Technologies Inc., we also undertake design and development
activities in India and software design and development in Canada, respectively.
We anticipate establishing additional design centers in the United States and
other countries in the future.

MANUFACTURING

         Wafer Fabrication

         We manufacture our products using standard CMOS process techniques. The
standard nature of these processes permits us to engage independent silicon
foundries to fabricate our integrated circuits. By subcontracting our
manufacturing requirements, we are able to focus our resources on design and
test applications where we believe we have greater competitive advantages. This
strategy also eliminates the high cost of owning and operating a semiconductor
wafer fabrication facility.


                                       11


<PAGE>   15

         Our Operations and Quality Engineering Group closely manages the
interface between manufacturing and design engineering. While our design
methodology typically creates smaller than average die for a given function, it
also generates full-custom integrated circuit designs. As a result, we are
responsible for the complete functional and parametric performance testing of
our devices, including quality. We employ a fully staffed operations and quality
organization similar to a vertically integrated semiconductor manufacturer. We
also arrange with our foundries to have online work-in-progress control, making
the manufacturing subcontracting process transparent to our customers.

         Our key silicon foundries are Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
Corporation in Taiwan and Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing in Singapore.
While we primarily use two independent foundries, few of our components are
manufactured at both foundries at any given time. Any inability of one of our
foundries to provide the necessary capacity or output could result in
significant production delays and could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. While we currently
believe we have adequate capacity to support our current sales levels, we
continue to work with our existing foundries to obtain more production capacity
and we intend to qualify new foundries to provide additional production
capacity. It is possible that adequate foundry capacity may not be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. In the event a foundry experiences financial
difficulties, or if a foundry suffers any damage or destruction to its
facilities, or in the event of any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may
not be able to qualify alternative manufacturing sources for existing or new
products in a timely manner.

         Our products are currently fabricated with .5 micron, triple layer
metal, .35 micron, quad layer metal, and .22 micron, five layer metal, feature
sizes. We continuously evaluate the benefits, on a product by product basis, of
migrating to a smaller geometry process technology in order to reduce costs. Our
experience to date with the migration of products to smaller geometry processes
has been favorable, but we could experience difficulties in future process
migration. Other companies in our industry have experienced difficulty
transitioning to new manufacturing processes and, consequently, have suffered
reduced yields or delays in product deliveries. We believe that the transition
of our products to smaller geometries will be important for us to remain
competitive. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected if any such transition is substantially
delayed or inefficiently implemented.

         Assembly and Test

         One of our independent foundries or independent wafer probe test
subcontractors conducts our wafer probe testing. Following completion of the
wafer probe tests, the die are assembled into packages and the finished products
are tested by one of our three key subcontractors: ASAT Ltd. in Hong Kong, ST
Assembly Test Services in Singapore and Amkor Technology in the Philippines and
South Korea. While we have not experienced any material disruption in supply
from assembly subcontractors to date, we could experience assembly problems in
the future. The availability of assembly and testing services from these
subcontractors could be materially and adversely affected in the event a
subcontractor experiences financial difficulties, if a subcontractor suffers any
damage or destruction to its respective facilities, or in the event of any other
disruption of assembly and testing capacity.

         Quality Assurance

         The broadband communications industry demands high-quality and
reliability of the semiconductors incorporated into their equipment. We focus on
product reliability from the initial stage of the design cycle through each
specific design process, including layout and production test design. In
addition, we subject our designs to in-depth circuit simulation at temperature,
voltage and processing extremes before initiating the manufacturing process.

         We prequalify each assembly and foundry subcontractor. This
prequalification process consists of a series of industry standard environmental
product stress tests, as well as an audit and analysis of the subcontractor's
quality system and manufacturing capability. We also participate in quality and
reliability monitoring through each stage of the production cycle by reviewing
electrical and parametric data from our wafer foundry and assembly
subcontractors. We closely monitor wafer foundry production to ensure consistent
overall quality, reliability and yield levels. In cases where we purchase wafers
on a fixed cost basis, any improvement in yields can reduce our cost per chip.


                                       12


<PAGE>   16


         As part of our total quality program, we have applied for and received
ISO 9000 certification, a comprehensive International Standards Organization
specified quality system. All of our principal independent foundries and package
assembly facilities are also ISO 9000 certified.

         Product Distribution

         Historically we had distributed products to our customer through an
operations and distribution center located in Irvine, California. In 1999, we
established an international distribution center in Singapore. This new facility
puts us closer to our suppliers and certain key customers and improves our
ability to meet our customers' needs. While our Irvine facility will continue to
ship product to U.S. destinations, the transition of our international customers
to the Singapore facility was essentially completed by the end of 1999.

SALES AND MARKETING

         Our sales and marketing strategy is to achieve design wins with
technology leaders in each of the our targeted broadband communications markets
by, among other things, providing superior field application and engineering
support. We market and sell our products in the United States through a direct
sales force, which has largely been established within the last three years. Our
direct sales force is based out of offices located in Irvine and San Jose,
California, Houston and Plano, Texas, Canton and Needham, Massachusetts,
Chicago, Illinois, Scarborough, Maine and Atlanta, Georgia.

         We dedicate sales managers to principal customers to promote close
cooperation and communication. We also provide our customers with reference
platform designs, which enable our customers to achieve easier and faster
transitions from the initial prototype designs through final production
releases. We believe these reference platform designs also significantly enhance
our customer's confidence that our products will meet their market requirements
and product introduction schedules.

         We also market and sell our products internationally through a direct
sales force based out of regional sales offices located in Japan, The
Netherlands, Singapore, France and United Kingdom, as well as through a network
of independent distributors and representatives in Germany, Israel, Japan, Korea
and Taiwan. We select these independent entities based on their ability to
provide effective field sales, marketing communications and technical support to
our customers. All international sales to date have been denominated in U.S.
dollars.

BACKLOG

         Our sales are made primarily pursuant to standard purchase orders for
delivery of products. Due to industry practice which allows customers to cancel
or change orders with limited advance notice prior to shipment, we believe that
backlog is not a reliable indicator of future revenue levels.

COMPETITION

         The broadband communications markets and semiconductor industries are
intensely competitive and are characterized by rapid technological change,
evolving standards, short product life cycles and price erosion. We believe that
the principal factors of competition for integrated circuit providers to these
industries include:

         o  product capabilities;

         o  level of integration;

         o  reliability;

         o  price;

         o  time-to-market;

         o  standards compliance;

         o  system cost;

         o  intellectual property;

         o  customer support; and

         o  reputation.

         We believe that we compete favorably with respect to each of these
factors.


                                       13


<PAGE>   17
         We compete with a number of major domestic and international suppliers
of equipment in our target broadband communications markets, which competition
has resulted and may continue to result in declining average selling prices for
our products. In all of our target markets, we also may face competition from
newly established competitors and suppliers of products based on new or emerging
technologies. We also expect to encounter further consolidation in the markets
in which we compete.

         Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities and
have longer operating histories and presence in key markets, greater name
recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, sales
and marketing, manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new
or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or devote greater
resources to the promotion and sale of their products. Current and potential
competitors have established or may establish financial or strategic
relationships among themselves or with existing or potential customers,
resellers or other third parties. Accordingly, it is possible that new
competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire
significant market share. In addition, competitors may develop technologies in
the future that more effectively address the transmission of digital information
through existing analog infrastructures at a lower cost. Increased competition
could result in pricing pressures, decreased gross margins and loss of market
share and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

         Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on our
ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely primarily on patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements
and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. These
measures may not provide meaningful protection for our intellectual property. We
have received 11 United States patents and have filed over 250 United States
patent applications. We may not receive any additional patents as a result of
these applications or future applications. Even if additional patents are
issued, any claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect our
technology. In addition, any existing or future patents could be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, and any right granted under such patents may not
provide us with meaningful protection. The failure of any patents to adequately
protect our technology would make it easier for our competitors to offer similar
products. In connection with our participation in the development of various
industry standards, we may be required to license certain of our patents to
other parties, including competitors, that develop products based upon the
adopted industry standards. We also generally enter into confidentiality
agreements with our employees and strategic partners, and typically control
access to and distribution of our documentation and other proprietary
information. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to
copy or otherwise obtain and use our products, services or technology without
authorization, to develop similar technology independently or to design around
our patents. In addition, effective copyright, trademark and trade secret
protection may not be available or may be limited in certain foreign countries.
We have also entered into agreements with certain of our customers and granted
these customers the right to use our proprietary technology in the event we
default in our contractual obligations, including product supply obligations,
and fail to cure the default within a specified period of time. Moreover, we
often incorporate the intellectual property of our strategic customers into our
designs, and we have certain obligations with respect to the non-use and
non-disclosure of their intellectual property. It is possible that the steps
taken by us to prevent misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual
property or our customers' intellectual property may not be successful.
Moreover, we may need to engage in litigation in the future to enforce our
intellectual property rights or the rights of our customers, to protect our
trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of
others, including our customers. Such litigation could result in substantial
costs and diversion of our resources and could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Companies in the semiconductor industry often aggressively protect and
pursue their intellectual property rights. From time to time, we have received,
and may continue to receive in the future, notices that claim we have


                                       14


<PAGE>   18
 infringed upon, misappropriated or misused other parties' proprietary rights.
In March 2000 Intel Corporation and its subsidiary Level One Communications Inc.
filed a lawsuit against us alleging misappropriation of trade secrets, unfair
competition and tortious interference with existing contractual relations in
connection with our recent hiring of three former Intel employees. In 1999 we
settled litigation with Stanford Telecommunications, Inc. that related to the
alleged infringement of one of Stanford's patents by several of our cable modem
products. In 1999 we prevailed in litigation with Sarnoff Corporation and
NxtWave Communications, Inc., formerly Sarnoff Digital Communications, Inc.,
which alleged that we misappropriated and misused certain of their trade secrets
in connection with our hiring of five former Sarnoff employees. Our subsidiary,
AltoCom, is the defendant in patent litigation brought by Motorola, Inc.
relating to software modem technology. Although we are defending the pending
litigation vigorously, it is possible that we will not prevail in pending or
future lawsuits. In addition, we may be sued in the future by other parties who
claim that we have infringed their patents or misappropriated or misused their
trade secrets, or who may seek to invalidate one of our patents. Any of these
claims may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. For example, in a patent or trade secret action, a court
could issue an injunction against us that would require us to withdraw or recall
certain products from the market or redesign certain products offered for sale
or under development. In addition, we may be liable for damages for past
infringement and royalties for future use of the technology. We may also have to
indemnify certain customers and strategic partners under our agreements with
such parties if a third party alleges or if a court finds that we have infringed
upon, misappropriated or misused another party's proprietary rights. Even if
claims against us are not valid or successfully asserted, these claims could
result in significant costs and a diversion of management and personnel
resources to defend. In that event, our business, financial condition and
results of operations would likely be materially and adversely affected. If any
claims or actions are asserted against us, we may seek to obtain a license under
a third party's intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to
obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

EMPLOYEES

         As of March 1, 2000 we had 1,120 full-time employees and 27 contract
and temporary employees, including 744 employees engaged in research and
development, 134 engaged in sales and marketing, 115 engaged in manufacturing
operations and 154 engaged in finance, legal and general administration
activities. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining
agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe our
employee relations are good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

         We lease three adjacent buildings in Irvine, California that comprise
our corporate headquarters and include our administration, sales and marketing,
research and development, and operations departments. In addition, we have
leases for engineering design centers in San Diego, California and Tempe,
Arizona. We also lease facilities in Atlanta, Georgia which house our
Residential Broadband Group, and various facilities in Santa Clara County,
California for our Digital Video Technology Group, Enterprise Switching Group
and Home Networking Group.

         Internationally, we lease a design center in the Netherlands and an
international distribution and design center in Singapore, as well as facilities
in Vancouver and Toronto, Canada for our Packet Telephony Group and in
Bangalore, India for our Digital Video Technology Group.

         These leases comprise an aggregate of 414,934 square feet and have
terms expiring on or prior to December 2005. We believe that our current
facilities, together with planned expansions, will be adequate for at least the
next twelve months.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         In December 1996 Stanford Telecommunications, Inc. ("STI") filed an
action against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. STI alleged that several of the Company's cable modem
products infringed one of STI's patents. In May 1999 the Company brought a
separate action against STI and an STI subsidiary in California Superior Court
for misappropriation of certain Company trade secrets. In June 1999 the parties
entered into a settlement agreement and agreed to dismiss with prejudice all
claims and counterclaims in both actions. Under the terms of the settlement
agreement, STI granted to the Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free
license to STI's rights in patents and patent applications, and all inventions
conceived, through the date of the agreement, relating to any transmitter or
receiver technology, or design or invention capable of use over a coaxial cable
transmission medium, excluding patent claims specifically claiming Code Division
Multiple Access ("CDMA") inventions. The Company also obtained the option to
acquire licenses on commercially reasonable terms to STI's patent claims based
upon CDMA inventions capable of use over a coaxial cable transmission


                                       15


<PAGE>   19

medium, and STI agreed not to bring any future action against the Company, its
suppliers or customers for patent infringement or trade secret misappropriation
resulting from commercial use of any of the Company's existing technology,
designs or products. In connection with the settlement, the Company made a
one-time payment to STI and the parties exchanged mutual releases. Neither party
admitted any liability in connection with the various actions.

         In April 1997 Sarnoff Corporation and Sarnoff Digital Communications,
Inc., now known as NxtWave Communications, Inc., (collectively, "Sarnoff") filed
a complaint in New Jersey Superior Court against the Company and five former
Sarnoff employees now employed by the Company asserting claims against the
former employees for breach of contract, misappropriation of trade secrets, and
breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and against the Company
for inducing such actions. The complaint also asserted claims against the
Company and the former employees for unfair competition, misappropriation and
misuse of trade secrets and confidential, proprietary information of Sarnoff,
and tortious interference with present and prospective economic advantage, as
well as a claim against the Company alleging that it "illegally pirated"
Sarnoff's employees. In early 1999 the Court found in the Company's favor on all
liability, causation and damages issues. Sarnoff appealed the Court's orders but
the appeal was later dismissed at Sarnoff's request.

         In July 1997 the Company commenced an action against Sarnoff in the
California Superior Court alleging breach of contract, fraud, misappropriation
of trade secrets, false advertising, trade libel, intentional interference with
prospective economic advantage and unfair competition. The claims center on
Sarnoff's violation of a non-disclosure agreement entered into with the Company
with respect to limited use of certain of the Company's technology and on
inaccurate comparisons that the Company believes Sarnoff has made in its product
advertising and in statements to potential customers and others. This action was
removed to the United States District Court for the Central District of
California, and was stayed pending resolution of the New Jersey action described
in the preceding paragraph. Following the decision in the New Jersey action,
Sarnoff filed a motion for summary judgment in the California case on the basis
that the issues therein had been or should have been previously litigated in the
New Jersey action under the New Jersey "entire controversy" doctrine. Following
oral argument in August 1999, the California District Court granted Sarnoff's
motion and dismissed the Company's claims on the grounds that they should have
been brought as part of the New Jersey action. The Company believes that the
California action involves facts, circumstances and claims unrelated to those at
issue in the New Jersey action, and has filed an appeal of the District Court's
ruling. No discovery has yet occurred in the case.

         In March 1998 Scott O. Davis, the Company's former Chief Financial
Officer, filed a complaint in California Superior Court against the Company and
its Chief Executive Officer, Henry T. Nicholas III, alleging claims for fraud
and deceit, negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary
duty, constructive fraud, conversion, breach of the implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, and declaratory relief. The claims related to Mr. Davis'
alleged ownership of 26,000 shares of Series D preferred stock originally
purchased by Mr. Davis in March 1996 (which shares would have converted into
312,000 shares of Class B common stock upon consummation of the Offering). The
purchase agreement between the Company and Mr. Davis contained a provision
permitting the Company to repurchase the shares in the event that Mr. Davis did
not continue to be employed by the Company for a certain period of time. After
Mr. Davis resigned in June 1997, the Company exercised its repurchase right. Mr.
Davis' complaint alleged that the repurchase right should not be enforceable
under several legal theories and sought unspecified damages and declaratory
relief. The Company asserted certain counterclaims against Mr. Davis. In March
1999 the parties entered into a settlement agreement and agreed to dismiss with
prejudice all of the claims and counterclaims in the case. The settlement was
approved by the Court in April 1999. The terms of the settlement are
confidential but the Company believes that they do not have a material effect on
its business, results of operations, financial condition or equity.

         In September 1998 Motorola, Inc. ("Motorola") filed a complaint in
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts against AltoCom
(and co-defendant, PC-Tel, Inc.), asserting that (i) AltoCom's V.34 and V.90
compliant software modem technology infringes several patents owned by Motorola,
(ii) AltoCom induces its V.34 and V.90 licensees to infringe such patents, and
(iii) AltoCom contributorily infringes such patents. The complaint sought a
preliminary and permanent injunction against AltoCom as well as the recovery of
monetary damages, including treble damages for willful infringement. In October
1998 Motorola affirmatively dismissed its case in the District of Massachusetts
and filed a substantially similar complaint in the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware. AltoCom has filed an answer and affirmative
defenses to the District of Delaware complaint.


                                       16


<PAGE>   20

AltoCom has also asserted a counterclaim requesting declaratory relief that
AltoCom has not infringed the Motorola patents and that such patents are invalid
and/or unenforceable as well as a counterclaim requesting declaratory and
injunctive relief based on breach of contract theory. AltoCom believes that it
has strong defenses to Motorola's claims on invalidity, noninfringement and
inequitable conduct grounds. The parties are currently engaged in discovery in
the action. A hearing on patent claims construction is scheduled to commence in
June 2000 and a three-week trial is scheduled to begin in February 2001. AltoCom
became a subsidiary of the Company on August 31, 1999. In September 1999 PC-Tel,
Inc., the co-defendant in the case, reached a settlement with Motorola.

         Although AltoCom believes that it has strong defenses and is defending
the action vigorously, a finding of infringement by AltoCom as to at least one
of the patents in this action could lead to liability for monetary damages
(which could be trebled in the event that the infringement were found to have
been willful), the issuance of an injunction requiring that AltoCom withdraw
various products from the market, and indemnification claims by AltoCom's
customers or strategic partners, each of which events could have a material
adverse effect on AltoCom's, and possibly the Company's, business, results of
operations and financial condition.

         On March 8, 2000 Intel Corporation and its subsidiary Level One
Communications, Inc. (collectively, "Intel") filed a complaint in California
Superior Court asserting claims against the Company for misappropriation of
trade secrets, unfair competition and tortious interference with existing
contractual relations by the Company in connection with its recent hiring of
three former Intel employees. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages,
exemplary damages and attorneys' fees. The litigation is in its early stages. A
preliminary injunction hearing is currently scheduled for April 28, 2000. The
Company has asserted and believes that Intel's claims are meritless and is
vigorously defending the action.

         The Company is also involved in other legal proceedings, claims and
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.

         The Company's pending lawsuits involve complex questions of fact and
law and could require the expenditure of significant costs and diversion of
resources to defend. Although management currently believes the outcome of the
Company's outstanding legal proceedings, claims and litigation will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or
financial condition, the results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and an
adverse outcome is at least reasonably possible. The Company is unable to
estimate the range of possible loss from outstanding litigation, and no amounts
have been provided for such matters in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         (a) A Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company was held on
November 22, 1999.

         (b) Not applicable.

         (c) (1) To approve the amendment of the Company's Amended and Restated
                 Articles of Incorporation to increase the aggregate number of
                 authorized shares of Class A common stock thereunder from
                 200,000,000 shares to 400,000,000 shares and to increase the
                 aggregate number of authorized shares of Class B common stock
                 thereunder from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                Class A Shares    Class B Shares    Class B Votes     Total Votes
                                --------------    --------------    -------------     -----------
<S>                             <C>               <C>               <C>            <C>
                 For               62,038,060        86,968,114        869,681,140    931,719,200
                 Against           14,624,750             3,000             30,000     14,654,750
                 Abstain               97,182            12,770            127,700        224,882
</TABLE>

             (2) To approve the amendment of the Company's Amended and Restated
                 Articles of Incorporation to permit the issuance of additional
                 shares of Class B common stock upon the approval of at least
                 two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors then in
                 office.


                                       17


<PAGE>   21

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Class A Shares    Class B Shares     Class B Votes   Total Votes
                                   --------------    --------------     -------------   -----------
<S>                                 <C>               <C>               <C>            <C>
                  For                25,012,576        86,599,696        865,996,960    891,009,536
                  Against            16,591,988           227,280          2,272,800     18,864,788
                  Abstain               205,096            48,770            487,700        692,796
                  Broker non-votes   34,950,332           108,138                 --             --
</TABLE>

             (3)  To approve an amendment of the Company's 1998 Stock Incentive
                  Plan:

             (a)  to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock
                  reserved for issuance under this plan by an additional
                  20,000,000 shares; and

             (b)  to revise the automatic share increase provisions of this plan
                  so that the number of shares of Class A common stock by which
                  the share reserve is to increase automatically on the first
                  trading day in January each year will be increased to 4.5% of
                  the total number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B
                  common stock outstanding on the last trading day of December
                  in the immediately preceding calendar year, beginning with the
                  January 3, 2000 annual increase, subject to an annual share
                  limit.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Class A Shares    Class B Shares     Class B Votes   Total Votes
                                   --------------    --------------     -------------   -----------
<S>                                   <C>               <C>               <C>           <C>
                  For                 22,890,812        86,603,480        866,034,800   888,925,612
                  Against             18,665,762           259,432          2,594,320    21,260,082
                  Abstain                189,560            12,770            127,700       317,260
                  Broker non-votes    35,013,858           108,202                 --             --
</TABLE>


                                    PART II.

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

         The Company's Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "BRCM." The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the high and low sale prices for the Class A common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market, adjusted to reflect our 2-for-1 stock splits effective
February 17, 1999 and February 11, 2000, respectively:

        Fiscal Year 1998                                High            Low
        ----------------                               -------         ------

        First Quarter
        Second Quarter                                 $ 19.16         $ 11.75
        Third Quarter                                    22.44           11.75
        Fourth Quarter                                   33.75           14.50

        Fiscal Year 1999                                 High            Low
        ----------------                               -------         -------

        First Quarter                                  $ 47.81         $ 23.13
        Second Quarter                                   72.63           29.00
        Third Quarter                                    74.75           50.75
        Fourth Quarter                                  144.50           53.50
        Fiscal Year 2000
        First Quarter (through March 3, 2000)          $235.69         $110.88

         As of March 3, 2000 there were approximately 895 record holders of the
Company's Class A common stock and approximately 720 record holders of the
Company's Class B common stock. On March 3, 2000 the last reported sale price of
the Class A common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $232.88 per share.


                                       18


<PAGE>   22

         The Company's Class B common stock is not publicly traded. Each share
of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder
into one share of Class A common stock and is automatically converted upon sale
and most other transfers.

DIVIDEND POLICY

         The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends on shares of its
capital stock. The Company currently intends to retain all of its earnings, if
any, for use in its business and in acquisitions of other businesses, products
or technologies and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------
                                             1999          1998         1997        1996         1995
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
                                                      (In thousands, except per share data)

<S>                                        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
Revenue                                    $518,183     $216,456     $ 42,341      $23,874     $ 6,624
Cost of revenue                             209,837       91,403       15,563        8,175       1,572
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
Gross profit                                308,346      125,053       26,778       15,699       5,052
Operating expense:
   Research and development                 108,579       51,090       21,545        7,541       3,807
   Selling, general and administrative       56,601       32,939       11,410        4,364       2,295
   Merger-related costs                      15,210           --           --           --          --
   Litigation settlement costs               17,036           --           --           --          --
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
Income (loss) from operations               110,920       41,024       (6,177)       3,794      (1,050)
Interest and other income, net                8,402        4,154           91          165          98
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
Income (loss) before income taxes           119,322       45,178       (6,086)       3,959        (952)
Provision (benefit) for income taxes         36,035       20,586         (157)       1,514           3
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
Net income (loss)                          $ 83,287     $ 24,592     $ (5,929)     $ 2,445     $  (955)
                                           ========     ========     ========      =======     =======
Basic earnings (loss) per share (1)        $    .42     $    .15     $   (.05)     $   .02     $  (.01)
                                           ========     ========     ========      =======     =======
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (1)      $    .36     $    .12     $   (.05)     $   .02     $  (.01)
                                           ========     ========     ========      =======     =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31,
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------
                                             1999         1998        1997          1996        1995
                                           --------     --------     --------      -------     -------
                                                                 (In thousands)
<S>                                        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash and cash equivalents                  $173,966     $ 72,511     $33,031       $ 9,780     $2,688
Working capital                             305,265      131,666      35,734         9,920      2,276
Total assets                                585,309      260,581      60,890        21,575      7,021
Long-term debt, including current
  portion                                     1,056       11,352       4,743         1,476      1,336
Convertible preferred stock                      --           --      28,617         6,084      3,150
Total shareholders' equity                  498,699      215,503      45,010        15,483      4,326
</TABLE>

- -------------
(1) See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for an explanation
    of the calculation of earnings (loss) per share. Adjusted to reflect our
    2-for-1 stock splits, each in the form of a 100% stock dividend, effective
    February 17, 1999 and February 11, 2000, respectively.


         The table above sets forth our selected consolidated financial data. We
prepared this information using the consolidated financial statements of
Broadcom Corporation for the five years ended December 31, 1999, which have been
restated to include the operations of Maverick Networks, Epigram, Inc., Armedia,
Inc., HotHaus Technologies Inc., and AltoCom, Inc. on a pooling-of-interests
basis as if they had combined with Broadcom prior to the beginning of each
period presented.

         You should read this selected consolidated financial data along with
the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes contained in this Report
and in our subsequent reports filed with the SEC, as well as the section of this
Report and our other reports titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations."


                                       19

<PAGE>   23

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

YOU SHOULD READ THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES THERETO, CONTAINED
ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT, BEFORE DECIDING TO INVEST IN OUR COMPANY OR TO
MAINTAIN OR INCREASE YOUR INVESTMENT. IN THIS REPORT, ALL SHARE NUMBERS AND PER
SHARE AMOUNTS HAVE BEEN RETROACTIVELY ADJUSTED TO REFLECT OUR 2-FOR-1 STOCK
SPLITS, EACH IN THE FORM OF A 100% STOCK DIVIDEND, EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 17, 1999
AND FEBRUARY 11, 2000, RESPECTIVELY.

OVERVIEW

         We are the leading provider of highly integrated silicon solutions that
enable broadband digital transmission of voice, video and data to and throughout
the home and within the business enterprise. These integrated circuits permit
the cost effective delivery of high-speed, high-bandwidth networking using
existing communications infrastructures that were not originally designed for
the transmission of broadband digital content. Using proprietary technologies
and advanced design methodologies, we design, develop and supply integrated
circuits for a number of the most significant broadband communications markets,
including the markets for digital cable set-top boxes, cable modems, high-speed
office networks, home networking, direct broadcast satellite and terrestrial
digital broadcast, and digital subscriber lines. From our inception in 1991
through 1994, we were primarily engaged in product development and the
establishment of strategic customer and foundry relationships. During that
period, we generated the majority of our revenue from development work performed
for key customers. We began shipping our products in 1994, and subsequently our
revenue has grown predominately through sales of our semiconductor products. We
intend to continue to enter into development contracts with key customers, but
expect that development revenue will constitute a decreasing percentage of our
total revenue. We also generate a small percentage of our product revenue from
sales of software and software support and sales of system-level reference
designs.

         We recognize product revenue at the time of shipment. Provision is
concurrently made for estimated product returns, which historically have been
immaterial. Our products typically carry a one-year warranty. We recognize
development revenue when earned. Revenue from licensed software is recognized at
the time of shipment, provided that we have vendor-specific objective evidence
of the fair value of each element of the software offering. Revenue from
post-contract customer support and any other future deliverables is deferred and
earned over the support period or as contract elements are delivered.

         The percent of our revenue derived from independent customers located
outside of the United States was approximately 17.2% in 1999, 17.2% in 1998 and
19.6% in 1997. All of our revenue to date has been denominated in U.S. dollars.
See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         From time to time, our key customers have placed large orders causing
our quarterly revenue to fluctuate significantly. We expect these fluctuations
will continue in the future. Sales to our five largest customers, including
sales to their respective manufacturing subcontractors, represented
approximately 67.0% of our revenue in 1999, 74.2% of our revenue in 1998 and
56.2% of our revenue in 1997. We expect that our key customers will continue to
account for a significant portion of our revenue for 2000 and in the future.

         Our gross margin has been affected in the past, and may continue to be
affected in the future, by various factors, including, but not limited to, the
following:

         o  our product mix;

         o  the position of our products in their respective life cycles;

         o  competitive pricing strategies;

         o  the mix of product revenue and development revenue; and

         o  manufacturing cost efficiencies and inefficiencies.


                                       20


<PAGE>   24

         For example, newly-introduced products generally have higher average
selling prices and gross margins, both of which typically decline over product
life cycles due to competitive pressures and volume pricing agreements. Our
gross margin and operating results in the future may continue to fluctuate as a
result of these and other factors.

         The sales cycle for the test and evaluation of our products can range
from three to six months or more, with an additional three to six months or more
before a customer commences volume production of equipment incorporating our
products. Due to these lengthy sales cycles, we may experience a significant
delay between increasing expenses for research and development and selling,
general and administrative efforts, and the generation of corresponding revenue,
if any. Furthermore, during 2000 and thereafter, we intend to continue to
increase our investment in research and development, selling, general and
administrative functions and inventory as we expand our operations. We
anticipate that the rate of new orders may vary significantly from month to
month. Consequently, if anticipated sales and shipments in any quarter do not
occur when expected, expenses and inventory levels could be disproportionately
high, and our operating results for that quarter and, potentially future
quarters, would be materially and adversely affected.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The following table sets forth certain statement of operations data
expressed as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated:

                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                             ---------------------------------
                                              1999          1998         1997
                                             ------        ------        -----
Revenue ................................     100.0%        100.0%        100.0%
Cost of revenue ........................      40.5          42.2          36.8
                                             -----         -----         -----
Gross profit ...........................      59.5          57.8          63.2
Operating expense:
     Research and development ..........      21.0          23.6          50.9
     Selling, general and administrative      10.9          15.2          26.9
     Merger-related costs ..............       2.9          --            --
     Litigation settlement costs .......       3.3          --            --
                                             -----         -----         -----
Income (loss) from operations ..........      21.4          19.0         (14.6)
Interest and other income, net .........       1.6           1.9            .2
                                             -----         -----         -----
Income (loss) before income taxes ......      23.0          20.9         (14.4)
Provision (benefit) for income taxes ...       6.9           9.5           (.4)
                                             -----         -----         -----
Net income (loss) ......................      16.1%         11.4%        (14.0)%
                                             =====         =====         =====

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

         Effects of Pooling-of-Interests Transactions. On May 31, 1999 we
completed the acquisitions of Maverick Networks, Epigram, Inc. and Armedia, Inc.
On August 31, 1999 we completed the acquisitions of HotHaus Technologies Inc.
and AltoCom, Inc. Each of the acquisitions was accounted for as a pooling of
interests. Accordingly, our historical consolidated financial statements and the
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for
prior periods have been restated to include the operations of these five
companies as if they had combined with our company at the beginning of the first
period presented. Included in revenue and net income for 1999 were revenue and
net losses aggregating $8.3 million and $8.8 million, respectively, from
Maverick, Epigram, Armedia, HotHaus and AltoCom incurred prior to the respective
closings of the transactions.

         Revenue. Revenue consists of product revenue generated principally by
sales of our semiconductor products and, to a lesser extent, from sales of
software and software support and development revenue generated under
development contracts with our customers. Revenue for 1999 was $518.2 million,
an increase of $301.7 million or 139.4% as compared with revenue of $216.5
million in 1998. The growth in revenue resulted mainly from increases in volume
shipments of our semiconductor products for the high-speed networking market,
digital cable set-top boxes and cable modems.

         Gross Profit. Gross profit represents revenue less the cost of revenue.
Cost of revenue includes the cost of purchasing the finished silicon wafers
processed by independent foundries, and costs associated with assembly, test and
quality assurance for those products, as well as costs of personnel and
equipment associated with manufacturing


                                       21

<PAGE>   25

support and contracted development work. Gross profit for 1999 was $308.3
million or 59.5% of revenue, an increase of $183.3 million or 146.6% from gross
profit of $125.1 million or 57.8% of revenue in 1998. The increase in gross
profit was mainly attributable to the significant increase in the volume of
semiconductor product shipments. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of
revenue was driven by cost reductions from our suppliers as well as lower than
expected rates of price erosion in our major markets. We expect that gross
profit as a percentage of revenue will decline in future periods due to higher
anticipated silicon wafer costs and as volume-pricing agreements and competitive
pricing strategies continue to take effect. In addition, our gross margin may be
affected by the future introduction of certain lower margin products.

         Research and Development Expense. Research and development expense
consists primarily of salaries and related costs of employees engaged in
research, design and development activities, costs related to engineering design
tools, and subcontracting costs. Research and development expense for 1999 was
$108.6 million or 21.0% of revenue, an increase of $57.5 million or 112.5% as
compared with research and development expense of $51.1 million or 23.6% of
revenue in 1998. The increase in absolute dollars was primarily due to the
addition of personnel and the investment in design tools for the development of
new products and the enhancement of existing products. The decline in research
and development expense as a percentage of revenue reflected a significant
increase in revenue during 1999. We expect that research and development expense
in absolute dollars will continue to increase for the foreseeable future.

         Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and
administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related expenses,
professional fees, trade show expenses and facilities expenses. Selling, general
and administrative expense for 1999 was $56.6 million or 10.9% of revenue, an
increase of $23.7 million or 71.8% as compared with selling, general and
administrative expense of $32.9 million or 15.2% of revenue in 1998. The
increase in absolute dollars reflected higher personnel-related costs resulting
from the hiring of sales and marketing personnel, senior management and
administrative personnel, and increased occupancy, legal and other professional
fees, including increased expenses for litigation. The decline in selling,
general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue reflected a
significant increase in revenue during 1999. We expect that selling, general and
administrative expense in absolute dollars will continue to increase for the
foreseeable future to support the planned continued expansion of our operations
and periodic changes in our infrastructure to support increased headcount,
acquisition and integration activities, and international operations.

         Merger-Related Costs. Merger-related costs consist primarily of
transaction costs, such as fees for investment bankers, attorneys, accountants
and other related fees and expenses, and certain restructuring costs related to
the disposal of duplicative facilities and assets and the write-down of
unutilized assets. Merger-related costs of approximately $15.2 million in 1999
were incurred in connection with the acquisitions of Maverick, Epigram, Armedia,
HotHaus, and AltoCom. No comparable merger-related costs were incurred in the
year-earlier period.

         Litigation Settlement Costs. Litigation settlement costs consist
primarily of settlement fees and associated attorneys' fees, expenses and court
costs. Litigation settlement costs of approximately $17.0 million were incurred
in 1999. No comparable litigation settlement costs were incurred in 1998.

         Deferred Compensation. We recorded approximately $5.0 million and $7.6
million of deferred compensation in 1999 and 1998, respectively. Of these
amounts, approximately $5.0 million in 1999 and $2.3 million in 1998 represent
deferred compensation related to the grant of stock options to certain employees
of acquired companies. Deferred compensation represents the difference between
the fair value of the common stock for accounting purposes and the exercise
price of such options at the date of grant. We have presented these amounts as a
reduction of shareholders' equity and are amortizing these amounts ratably over
the respective vesting periods of the applicable options. We amortized to
expense an aggregate of $3.8 million of deferred compensation in 1999 and $1.8
million in 1998.

         Interest and Other Income, Net. Interest and other income, net reflects
interest earned on average cash and cash equivalents and investment balances,
less interest on our long-term debt and capital lease obligations. Interest and
other income, net for 1999 was $8.4 million as compared with $4.2 million in
1998. This increase was principally due to increased cash balances available to
invest resulting from the consummation of our initial public offering and sale
of shares to Cisco Systems, Inc. in April 1998, a follow-on offering in October
1998, and cash generated by operations.


                                       22


<PAGE>   26

         Provision for Income Taxes. Our effective tax rate was 30.2% for 1999
and 45.6% for 1998. The federal statutory rate was 35% for both periods. Our
1999 effective tax rate was reduced by tax benefits associated with research and
development credits. Our 1998 effective tax rate was increased by our inability
to recognize the tax benefits of Epigram, Armedia and HotHaus net operating
losses incurred during 1997 and 1998. We utilize the liability method of
accounting for income taxes as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board
("FASB") Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. See Note 4 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

         At December 31, 1999 and 1998 we provided a valuation allowance of $6.9
million against a portion of certain acquired net operating losses, due to
uncertainty regarding their future realization. The utilization of such losses
is subject to stringent limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. There is no
valuation allowance provided on the remainder of our deferred tax assets, as we
believe it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. The
primary basis for this conclusion is the expectation of future income from our
ordinary and recurring operations.

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998 AND 1997

         Revenue. Revenue for 1998 was $216.5 million, an increase of $174.1
million or 411.2% as compared with revenue of $42.3 million in 1997. This growth
in revenue was derived mainly from increases in volume shipments of our
semiconductor products for the high-speed networking market, digital cable
set-top boxes and cable modems.

         Gross Profit. Gross profit for 1998 was $125.1 million or 57.8% of
revenue, an increase of $98.3 million or 367% from gross profit of $26.8 million
or 63.2% of revenue in 1997. The increase in gross profit was mainly
attributable to the significant increase in the volume of product shipments. The
decrease in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was largely driven by volume
pricing agreements on products for the high-speed networking market.

         Research and Development Expense. Research and development expense for
1998 was $51.1 million or 23.6% of revenue, an increase of $29.5 million or
137.1% as compared with research and development expense of $21.5 million or
50.9% of revenue in 1997. The increase in absolute dollars was primarily due to
the addition of personnel and the investment in design tools for the development
of new products and the enhancement of existing products. The decline in
research and development expense as a percentage of revenue reflected a
significant increase in revenue during 1998.

         Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and
administrative expense for 1998 was $32.9 million or 15.2% of revenue, an
increase of $21.5 million or 188.7% as compared with selling, general and
administrative expense of $11.4 million or 26.9% of revenue in 1997. The
increase in absolute dollars reflected higher personnel-related costs resulting
from the hiring of sales and marketing personnel, senior management and
administrative personnel, and increased occupancy, legal and other professional
fees, including increased expenses for litigation. The decline in selling,
general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue reflected a
significant increase in revenue during 1998.

         Deferred Compensation. We recorded approximately $7.6 million and $1.2
million of deferred compensation in 1998 and 1997, respectively. Of the 1998
amount, approximately $2.3 million represents deferred compensation related to
the grant of stock options to certain employees of acquired companies. Deferred
compensation represents the difference between the fair value of the common
stock for accounting purposes and the exercise price of such options at the date
of grant. We have presented these amounts as a reduction of shareholders' equity
and are amortizing these amounts ratably over the respective vesting periods of
the applicable options. We amortized to expense an aggregate of $1.8 million of
deferred compensation in 1998 and $66,000 in 1997.

         Interest and Other Income, Net. Interest and other income, net reflects
interest earned on average cash and cash equivalents and investment balances,
less interest on our long-term debt and capital lease obligations. Interest and
other income, net for 1998 was $4.2 million compared to $91,000 in 1997. This
increase was principally due to increased cash balances available to invest
resulting from the consummation of our initial public offering and sale of
shares to Cisco Systems, Inc. in April 1998, and a follow-on offering in October
1998.


                                       23


<PAGE>   27

         Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes. Our effective tax rate (benefit)
was 45.6% in 1998 and (2.6)% in 1997. The federal statutory tax rates were 35%
in 1998 and 34% in 1997. Our effective tax rate was increased in 1998, and our
benefit was reduced in 1997, by our inability to recognize the tax benefit of
Epigram, Armedia and HotHaus net operating losses incurred during both periods.
See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         Since our inception, we have financed our operations through a
combination of sales of equity securities and cash generated by operations. At
December 31, 1999 we had $305.3 million in working capital, $260.2 million in
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, and $9.4 million in
long-term investments.

         Operating activities provided cash of $66.1 million in 1999. This was
primarily the result of net income, the non-cash impact of depreciation and
amortization, growth in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities,
partially offset by increases in accounts receivable, inventory, deferred tax
assets and prepaids and other assets. Operating activities used cash of $4.0
million in 1998 and $6.7 million in 1997.

         Cash used in operating activities in 1998 was primarily the result of
increases in accounts receivable, inventory, deferred tax assets and prepaids
and other assets, partially offset by net income, the non-cash impact of
depreciation and amortization and growth in accounts payable. Cash used in
operating activities in 1997 was primarily attributable to a net loss, growth in
accounts receivable, inventory, and a decrease in income taxes payable, which
more than offset growth in accounts payable and the non-cash impact of
depreciation and amortization.

         Investing activities used cash in the amount of $18.4 million in 1999
for the net purchase of held-to-maturity investments and $29.2 million for the
purchase of capital equipment to support our expanding operations. Investing
activities used cash of $106.2 million in 1998 for the net purchase of
held-to-maturity investments and the purchase of capital equipment to support
our expanding operations. Investing activities used cash of $8.1 million in
1997, primarily for the purchase of capital equipment.

         Cash provided by financing activities was $83.0 million in 1999, which
was primarily the result of $51.7 million in tax benefits related to stock
option exercises and $37.6 million in net proceeds from issuances of common
stock. Cash provided by financing activities in 1998 was $149.7 million,
primarily the result of $79.2 million in aggregate net proceeds from our initial
public offering and sale of Class A common stock to Cisco Systems in April 1998,
$30.5 million in net proceeds from our follow-on offering in October 1998, $25.2
million in tax benefits related to stock option exercises and $14.7 million in
net proceeds from other issuances of common stock. Cash provided by financing
activities was $38.1 million in 1997, primarily from the sale of convertible
preferred stock and common stock and the establishment of a revolving credit
facility and term loan.

         We believe that cash and cash equivalents and investments on hand,
together with cash that we generate from our operations, will be sufficient to
meet our capital needs for at least the next twelve months. However, it is
possible that we may need to raise additional funds to fund our activities
beyond the next year or to consummate acquisitions of other businesses, products
or technologies. We could raise such funds by selling more stock to the public
or to selected investors, or by borrowing money. In addition, even though we may
not need additional funds, we may still elect to sell additional equity
securities or obtain credit facilities for other reasons. We may not be able to
obtain additional funds on terms that would be favorable to our shareholders and
us, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or
convertible debt securities, the ownership percentages of existing shareholders
would be reduced. In addition, the equity or debt securities that we issue may
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our
common stock.

         We had commitments totaling approximately $4.0 million as of December
31, 1999 primarily for the purchase of engineering design tools, computer
hardware and information systems infrastructure. During 1999 we spent $29.5
million on capital equipment to support our expanding operations. We expect that
we will spend more than this amount during 2000 to purchase additional
engineering design tools, computer hardware, test equipment, information systems
and leasehold improvements, as our operations continue to expand and as we
integrate and upgrade the capital equipment and facilities of acquired
companies. We may finance these purchases from our cash and cash equivalents and
investments on hand, cash generated from our operations, borrowings, equity
offerings, or a combination thereof. See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.


                                       24


<PAGE>   28

         Although we believe we have sufficient capital to fund our activities
for at least the next twelve months, our future capital requirements may vary
materially from those now planned. The amount of capital that we will need in
the future will depend on many factors, including:

         o  the market acceptance of our products;

         o  the levels of promotion and advertising that will be required to
            launch our new products and achieve and maintain a competitive
            position in the marketplace;

         o  volume price discounts;

         o  our business, product, capital expenditure and research and
            development plans and product and technology roadmaps;

         o  the levels of inventory and accounts receivable that we maintain;

         o  capital improvements to new and existing facilities;

         o  technological advances;

         o  our competitors' response to our products; and

         o  our relationships with suppliers and customers.

         In addition, we may require additional capital to accommodate planned
growth, hiring, infrastructure and facility needs or to consummate acquisitions
of other businesses, products or technologies.

YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE

         Many existing computer systems, software applications and embedded
computer chips, software and firmware in control devices use only two digits to
identify a year in the date field. These systems, applications and control
devices need to accept four digit entries to distinguish 21st Century dates from
20th Century dates. In addition, they may not correctly process "leap year"
dates or may fail to recognize February 29, 2000 as a leap year date as a result
of an exception to the calculation of leap years that will occur in the Year
2000 and otherwise occurs only once every 400 years. As a result, these systems
and applications had to be upgraded to comply with the Year 2000 requirements or
risk system failure, miscalculations or other disruptions to normal business
activities.

         To date we have not experienced any Year 2000 problems in our computer
systems or operations. However, we cannot yet assess the extent of the Year 2000
impact and cannot be sure that we will not experience unanticipated residual
consequences from latent Year 2000 problems.

         We have assessed the impact that the Year 2000 problem may have on our
operations and have identified the following four key areas of our business that
may be affected:

         Products. We have evaluated each of our current products and believe
that they do not contain date sensitive functionality. However, we cannot
determine whether any of our customers' products into which our products are
incorporated contain latent Year 2000 problems because we have little or no
control over the design, production and testing of our customers' products.

         Internal Infrastructure. We have completed a full review of the
systems, transaction processing computer applications and devices used by us to
operate and monitor all major aspects of our business, including financial
systems (such as general ledger, accounts payable and payroll), security
systems, customer services, infrastructure, materials requirement planning,
master production scheduling, networks and telecommunications systems and other
systems with embedded computer chips, and believe that our internal
infrastructure is Year 2000 compliant.


                                       25


<PAGE>   29

However, we may experience latent Year 2000 problems as a result of the
interaction between our own systems and products and the systems and products of
third parties.

         Third-Party Suppliers. We rely, directly and indirectly, on external
systems utilized by our third-party suppliers for the management and control of
fabrication and the assembly and testing of substantially all of our products.
We have completed surveys and on-site visits of the two independent foundries,
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation and Chartered Semiconductor
Manufacturing, that fabricate substantially all of our semiconductor devices in
current production. In addition, we have completed surveys and on-site visits of
the three subcontractors, ASAT Ltd., ST Assembly Test Services and Amkor
Technology, that assemble and test substantially all of our current products.
These key suppliers have responded to us that their systems are Year 2000
compliant. However, any failure of these or other third parties to resolve any
residual Year 2000 problems in a timely manner could materially disrupt our
business. Any such disruption could negatively impact our sales, harm our
relationships with our customers, and materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

         We also rely on the external systems of other third parties such as
creditors, financial institutions, governmental entities and other suppliers,
both domestic and international, to provide us with services and accurate data.
Our business could be materially and adversely affected if any of these third
parties experience disruptions in their operations or if an economic crisis or
general widespread problems result from systems that are not Year 2000
compliant.

         Facility and Laboratory Related Systems. We have reviewed systems such
as heating, sprinklers, elevators, test equipment and security at our facilities
and labs and believe that these systems are Year 2000 compliant. However, these
systems may also be affected by latent Year 2000 problems.

         To date, we have incurred approximately $80,000 in expenditures in
connection with identifying and addressing specific Year 2000 compliance issues,
excluding the cost of routine upgrades to systems, software applications and
control devices. We could incur additional costs in addressing any residual Year
2000 issues, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

         We have developed contingency plans to address those Year 2000 issues
that may pose a significant risk to our on-going operations. These plans include
buffer inventories for certain products, implementation of manual procedures to
compensate for system deficiencies, and contract IS resources to immediately
address issues should they arise. However, any contingency plans we implement
may not succeed or may not be adequate to meet our needs without materially
impacting our operations. In addition, the delays and inefficiencies inherent in
conducting operations in an alternative manner could materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. More
specifically, if we or our third party suppliers were to lose the ability to
manufacture, assemble, test and ship product as a result of Year 2000 related
issues, we would be exposed to missing customer shipments and potentially losing
revenues and profits.

ACQUISITIONS

         On February 29 and March 1, 2000 we completed the acquisitions of
Digital Furnace Corporation, BlueSteel Networks, Inc. and Stellar Semiconductor,
Inc. These merger transactions will be accounted for as poolings-of-interests,
and we will take a charge for merger-related expenses in the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2000. We do not anticipate that the merger-related expenses will
have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and results of
operations. Our consolidated financial statements presented in the future will
be restated to include the financial position and results of operations of the
acquired companies. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       26


<PAGE>   30

RISK FACTORS

BEFORE DECIDING TO INVEST IN OUR COMPANY OR TO MAINTAIN OR INCREASE YOUR
INVESTMENT, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE RISKS DESCRIBED BELOW, IN ADDITION
TO THE OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT AND IN OUR OTHER FILINGS WITH
THE SEC, INCLUDING OUR SUBSEQUENT REPORTS ON FORMS 10-Q AND 8-K. THE RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES DESCRIBED BELOW ARE NOT THE ONLY ONES FACING OUR COMPANY.
ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US OR THAT WE
CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL MAY ALSO AFFECT OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. IF ANY OF
THESE RISKS ACTUALLY OCCUR, THAT COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL
CONDITION OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. IN THAT EVENT, THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR
CLASS A COMMON STOCK COULD DECLINE AND YOU MAY LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR
INVESTMENT.

OUR QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY. AS A RESULT, WE MAY
FAIL TO MEET OR EXCEED THE EXPECTATIONS OF SECURITIES ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS,
WHICH COULD CAUSE OUR STOCK PRICE TO DECLINE.

         Our quarterly revenues and operating results have fluctuated
significantly in the past and may continue to vary from quarter to quarter due
to a number of factors, many of which are not within our control. If our
operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or
investors, our stock price may decline. Fluctuations in our operating results
may be due to a number of factors, including the following:

         o  the volume of our product sales and pricing concessions on volume
            sales;

         o  the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer
            orders;

         o  the gain or loss of a key customer;

         o  the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products
            and technologies and the resulting effect on sales and pricing of
            our products;

         o  silicon wafer pricing and the availability of foundry and assembly
            capacity and raw materials;

         o  our ability to specify, develop, complete, introduce, market and
            transition to volume production new products and technologies in a
            timely manner;

         o  the timing of customer-industry qualification and certification of
            our products and the risks of non-qualification or
            non-certification;

         o  the rate at which our present and future customers and end users
            adopt Broadcom technologies in our target markets;

         o  the rate of adoption and acceptance of new industry standards in our
            target markets;

         o  the effects of new and emerging technologies;

         o  intellectual property disputes and customer indemnification claims;

         o  the risks inherent in our acquisitions of technologies and
            businesses, including the timing and successful completion of
            technology and product development through volume production,
            integration issues, costs and unanticipated expenditures, changing
            relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic partners,
            potential contractual, intellectual property or employment issues,
            accounting treatment and charges, and the risks that the acquisition
            cannot be completed successfully or that anticipated benefits are
            not realized;

         o  the effectiveness of our product cost reduction efforts;

         o  fluctuations in our manufacturing yields and other problems or
            delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or delivery of our
            products;

         o  the risks of producing products with new suppliers and at new
            fabrication and assembly facilities;

         o  risks and uncertainties associated with our international
            operations;

         o  problems or delays that we may face in shifting our products to
            smaller geometry process technologies and in achieving higher levels
            of design integration;

         o  our ability to retain and hire key executives, technical personnel
            and other employees in the numbers, with the capabilities and at the
            compensation levels that we need to implement our business and
            product plans;

         o  changes in our product or customer mix;


                                       27


<PAGE>   31

         o  the quality of our products and any remediation costs;

         o  the effects of natural disasters and other events beyond our
            control;

         o  the level of orders received that we can ship in a fiscal quarter;

         o  potential business disruptions, claims, expenses and other
            difficulties resulting from "Year 2000" problems in computer-based
            systems used by us, our suppliers or our customers;

         o  economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and the
            broadband communications markets; and

         o  general economic and market conditions.

         We intend to continue to increase our operating expenses in 2000 and in
the future. A large portion of our operating expenses, including rent, salaries
and capital lease expenditures, is fixed and difficult to reduce or change.
Accordingly, if our total revenue does not meet our expectations, we probably
would not be able to adjust our expenses quickly enough to compensate for the
shortfall in revenue. In that event, our business, financial condition and
results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

         Due to all of the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in
this report, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our
operating results as an indication of future performance.

BECAUSE WE DEPEND ON A FEW SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS FOR A SUBSTANTIAL PORTION OF
OUR REVENUES, THE LOSS OF A KEY CUSTOMER COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS. IN
ADDITION, IF WE ARE UNABLE TO CONTINUE TO SELL EXISTING AND NEW PRODUCTS TO OUR
KEY CUSTOMERS IN SIGNIFICANT QUANTITIES OR TO ATTRACT NEW SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS,
OUR FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

         We have derived a substantial portion of our revenues in the past from
sales to a relatively small number of customers. As a result, the loss of any
significant customer could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. Sales to General Instrument, 3Com, and
Cisco including sales to their respective manufacturing subcontractors,
accounted for approximately 27.5%, 18.1% and 10.6%, respectively, of our
revenue in the year ended December 31, 1999. Sales to our five largest
customers, including sales to their respective manufacturing subcontractors,
represented approximately 67.0% of our revenue in 1999, 74.2% of our revenue
in 1998 and 56.2% of our revenue in 1997. We expect that our key customers
will continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenues for 1999
and in the future. Accordingly, our future operating results will continue to
depend on the success of our largest customers and on our ability to sell
existing and new products to these customers in significant quantities.

         We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of our key
customers for a variety of reasons, including the following:

         o  Most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into their
            own products with limited notice to us and suffer little or no
            penalty.

         o  Our agreements with our customers typically do not require them to
            purchase a minimum amount of our products.

         o  Many of our customers have pre-existing relationships with our
            current or potential competitors that may affect their decision to
            purchase our products.

         o  Our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers that
            do not use our products.

         o  Some of our customers offer or may offer products that compete with
            our products.

         o  Our longstanding relationships with some of our larger customers may
            also deter other potential customers who compete with these
            customers from buying our products.

         In addition, in order to attract new customers or retain existing
customers, we may offer certain customers favorable prices on our products. If
these prices are lower than the prices paid by our existing customers, we would
have to offer the same lower prices to certain of our customers who have
contractual "most favored nation" pricing


                                       28


<PAGE>   32

arrangements. In that event, our average selling prices and gross margins would
decline. The loss of a key customer, a reduction in our sales to any key
customer or our inability to attract new significant customers could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

WE FACE INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS MARKETS AND
SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY, WHICH COULD REDUCE OUR MARKET SHARE IN EXISTING MARKETS
AND AFFECT OUR ENTRY INTO NEW MARKETS.

         The broadband communications markets and semiconductor industry are
intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to increase in the
future as industry standards become well known and as other competitors enter
our target markets. We currently compete with a number of major domestic and
international suppliers of integrated circuits in the markets for digital cable
set-top boxes, cable modems, high-speed office networks, home networking, direct
broadcast satellite and terrestrial digital satellite, and digital subscriber
lines. This competition has resulted and may continue to result in declining
average selling prices for our products. In all of our target markets, we also
may face competition from newly established competitors and suppliers of
products based on new or emerging technologies. We also expect to encounter
further consolidation in the markets in which we compete.

         Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities and
have longer operating histories and presence in key markets, greater name
recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, sales
and marketing, manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new
or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be
able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products. In
addition, current and potential competitors have established or may establish
financial or strategic relationships among themselves or with existing or
potential customers, resellers or other third parties. Accordingly, it is
possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and
rapidly acquire significant market share. Existing or new competitors may also
develop technologies in the future that more effectively address the
transmission of digital information through existing analog infrastructures at
lower costs than our technologies. Increased competition has in the past and is
likely to continue to result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss
of market share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to
compete successfully or that competitive pressures will not materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

OUR ACQUISITION STRATEGY MAY REQUIRE US TO MAKE SIGNIFICANT CAPITAL INFUSIONS,
BE DILUTIVE TO OUR EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS, AND RESULT IN DIFFICULTIES IN
ASSIMILATING AND INTEGRATING THE OPERATIONS, PERSONNEL, TECHNOLOGIES, PRODUCTS
AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS OF ACQUIRED COMPANIES.

         A key element of our business strategy involves expansion through the
acquisition of businesses, products or technologies that would allow us to
complement our existing product offerings, expand our market coverage or enhance
our technological capabilities. Since January 1999 we have acquired Maverick
Networks, Epigram, Inc., Armedia, Inc., HotHaus Technologies Inc., AltoCom,
Inc., Digital Furnace Corporation, BlueSteel Networks, Inc. and Stellar
Semiconductor, Inc. We plan to continue to pursue acquisition opportunities in
2000 and in the future. Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
typically entail many risks and could result in difficulties in assimilating and
integrating the operations, personnel, technologies, products and information
systems of the acquired company. We may also encounter delays in the timing and
successful completion of the acquired company's technology and product
development through volume production, costs and unanticipated expenditures,
changing relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic partners, or
contractual, intellectual property or employment issues. In addition, the key
personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. The acquisition
of another company or its products and technologies may also require us to enter
into a geographic or business market in which we have little or no prior
experience. These challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our
management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition, acquisitions
may materially and adversely affect our results of operations because they may
require large one-time write-offs, increased debt or contingent liabilities,
substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges or the amortization of
expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets. We may seek to account
for acquisitions under the pooling-of-interests accounting method, but that
method may not be available. Any of these events could cause the price of our
Class A common stock to decline. Furthermore, if we issue equity or convertible
debt securities in connection with an acquisition, as in the case of our


                                       29


<PAGE>   33

recent acquisitions, the issuance may be dilutive to our existing shareholders.
In addition, the equity or debt securities that we may issue could have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.
Thus, for example, as a consequence of the pooling-of-interest rules, the
securities issued in each of the eight acquisitions described above were Class B
common stock, which has voting rights superior to our publicly-traded Class A
common stock.

         We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any pending or
future acquisitions or that we will realize the benefits anticipated from these
acquisitions. In the future, we may not be able to find other suitable
acquisition opportunities that are available at attractive valuations. Even if
we do find suitable acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate
the acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms. Moreover, due to our limited
acquisition experience, it may be difficult for us to successfully integrate any
acquired businesses, products, technologies or personnel, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

WE MUST KEEP PACE WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES IN THE SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY
AND BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS MARKETS IN ORDER TO REMAIN COMPETITIVE.

         Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and adapt
to changes in technology and industry standards. We will also need to continue
to develop and introduce new and enhanced products to meet our customers'
changing demands. Substantially all of our product revenue in recent fiscal
quarters has been derived from sales of products for the high-speed office
network, digital cable set-top box and cable modem markets. These markets are
characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
frequent new product introductions and short product life cycles. In addition,
these markets continue to undergo rapid growth and consolidation. A significant
slowdown in any of these markets or other broadband communications markets could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our success will also depend on the ability of our customers to
develop new products and enhance existing products for the broadband
communications markets and to introduce and promote those products successfully.
The broadband communications markets may not continue to develop to the extent
or in the timeframes that we anticipate. If new markets do not develop as we
anticipate, or if our products do not gain widespread acceptance in these
markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.

IF WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE AND ADAPT TO EVOLVING INDUSTRY STANDARDS IN THE
SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY AND BROADBAND COMMUNICATIONS MARKETS, OUR PRODUCTS COULD
BECOME OBSOLETE AND WE COULD LOSE MARKET SHARE.

         Products for broadband communications applications generally are based
on industry standards that are continually evolving. If new industry standards
emerge, our products or our customers' products could become unmarketable or
obsolete. We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to comply
with these new standards. Our past sales and profitability have resulted, to a
large extent, from our ability to anticipate changes in technology and industry
standards and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products. Our ability to
adapt to these changes and to anticipate future standards, and the rate of
adoption and acceptance of those standards, will be a significant factor in
maintaining or improving our competitive position and prospects for growth. We
have in the past invested substantial resources in emerging technologies, such
as 100Base-T4 for high-speed networking, that did not achieve the market
acceptance that we had expected. Our inability to anticipate the evolving
standards in the semiconductor industry and, in particular the broadband
communications markets, or to develop and introduce new products successfully
into these markets could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO DEVELOP AND INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS SUCCESSFULLY AND IN A
COST-EFFECTIVE AND TIMELY MANNER OR TO ACHIEVE MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF OUR NEW
PRODUCTS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

         Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new silicon
solutions for existing and new markets, introduce these products in a
cost-effective and timely manner and convince leading equipment manufacturers to
select these products for design into their own new products. Our quarterly
results in the past have been, and are expected in the future to continue to be,
dependent on the introduction of a relatively small number of new products and
the timely completion and delivery of those products to customers. The
development of new silicon devices is highly complex, and from time to time we
have experienced delays in completing the development and introduction of new
products. Our ability to develop and deliver new products successfully will
depend on various factors, including our ability to:


                                       30


<PAGE>   34

         o  accurately predict market requirements and evolving industry
            standards;

         o  accurately define new products;

         o  timely complete and introduce new product designs;

         o  timely qualify and obtain industry interoperability certification of
            our products and our customers' products into which our products
            will be incorporated;

         o  obtain sufficient foundry capacity;

         o  achieve high manufacturing yields; and

         o  gain market acceptance of our products and our customers' products.

         If we are not able to develop and introduce new products successfully
and in a cost-effective and timely manner, our business, financial condition and
results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

         Our new products generally are incorporated into our customers'
products at the design stage. We have often incurred significant expenditures on
the development of a new product without any assurance that an equipment
manufacturer will select our product for design into its own product. The value
of our products largely depends on the commercial success of our customers'
products and on the extent to which those products accommodate components
manufactured by our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will continue to
achieve design wins. In addition, the equipment that incorporates our products
may never become commercially successful.

WE DEPEND ON TWO INDEPENDENT FOUNDRIES TO MANUFACTURE SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR
CURRENT PRODUCTS, AND ANY FAILURE TO OBTAIN SUFFICIENT FOUNDRY CAPACITY COULD
MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.

         We do not own or operate a fabrication facility. Two outside foundries,
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation, or TSMC, in Taiwan and Chartered
Semiconductor Manufacturing, or Chartered, in Singapore, currently manufacture
substantially all of our semiconductor devices in current production. In
September 1999 TSMC's principal facility was affected by a significant
earthquake in Taiwan. As a consequence of this earthquake, TSMC suffered power
outages and equipment damage that impaired TSMC's wafer deliveries and, together
with strong demand, could result in wafer shortages and higher wafer pricing
industrywide.

         Because we rely on outside foundries with limited capacity, we face
several significant risks, including:

         o  a lack of ensured wafer supply and potential wafer shortages and
            higher wafer prices;

         o  limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance and
            control, manufacturing yields and production costs; and

         o  the unavailability of or potential delays in obtaining access to key
            process technologies.

         In addition, the manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly complex
and technologically demanding process. Although we work closely with our
foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced manufacturing yields, our
foundries have from time to time experienced lower than anticipated
manufacturing yields. This often occurs during the production of new products or
the installation and start-up of new process technologies.

         The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor devices is
limited by its available capacity. Although we have entered into contractual
commitments to supply specified levels of products to certain of our customers,
we do not have a long-term volume purchase agreement or a guaranteed level of
production capacity with either TSMC or Chartered. Foundry capacity may not be
available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability of foundry
capacity has recently been reduced due to strong demand. We place our orders on
the basis of our customers' purchase orders, and TSMC and Chartered can allocate
capacity to the production of other companies' products and reduce deliveries to
us on short notice. It is possible that foundry customers that are larger and
better financed than we are, or that have long-term agreements with TSMC or
Chartered, may induce our foundries to reallocate capacity to them. Such a
reallocation could impair our ability to


                                       31


<PAGE>   35

secure the supply of components that we need. Although we primarily use two
independent foundries, most of our components are not manufactured at both
foundries at any given time and some of our products may be designed to be
manufactured at only one. Accordingly, if one of our foundries is unable to
provide us with components as needed, we could experience significant delays in
securing sufficient supplies of those components. Any of these delays would
likely materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, if either TSMC or Chartered experiences
financial difficulties, if either foundry suffers any damage to its facilities
or in the event of any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may not be able
to qualify an alternative foundry in a timely manner. Even our current foundries
would need to have new manufacturing processes qualified if there is a
disruption in an existing process. If we choose to use a new foundry or process,
it would typically take us several months to qualify the new foundry or process
before we can begin shipping products from it. If we cannot accomplish this
qualification in a timely manner, we may still experience a significant
interruption in supply of the affected products. We cannot assure you that any
of our existing or new foundries would be able to produce integrated circuits
with acceptable manufacturing yields. Furthermore, our foundries may not be able
to deliver enough semiconductor devices to us on a timely basis, or at
reasonable prices.

         Maverick and Broadcom HomeNetworking, Inc., formerly known as Epigram,
Inc., have established relationships with foundries other than TSMC and
Chartered, and we are using these other foundries to produce the initial
products of Maverick and Broadcom HomeNetworking. We may utilize such foundries
for other products in the future. In using these new foundries, we will be
subject to all of the same risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with
respect to TSMC and Chartered.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO RETAIN KEY TECHNICAL AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL AND
ATTRACT ADDITIONAL KEY EMPLOYEES, WHICH COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS.

         Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the continued
service of our key technical and senior management personnel, in particular, our
co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Henry T. Nicholas III,
and our co-founder, Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Technical
Officer, Dr. Henry Samueli. We do not have employment agreements with these
executives or any other key employees that govern the length of their service.
The loss of the services of Dr. Nicholas or Dr. Samueli, or certain other key
employees, would likely materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our future success also depends on our
ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel,
particularly digital circuit designers, mixed-signal circuit designers and
systems applications engineers. Competition for these employees is intense. Our
inability to attract and retain additional key employees could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

OUR INABILITY TO MANAGE OUR SIGNIFICANT RECENT AND ANTICIPATED FUTURE GROWTH
COULD STRAIN OUR MANAGERIAL, OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES, AND COULD
MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.

         During the past year, we have continued to significantly increase the
scope of our operations and expand our workforce, growing from 599 employees in
December 1998 to 1,147 employees as of March 1, 2000, including contract and
temporary employees and employees who joined us as the result of acquisitions.
This growth has placed, and our anticipated future growth of operations is
expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our management personnel,
systems and resources. We anticipate that we will need to implement a variety of
new and upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls,
including the ongoing improvement of our accounting and other internal
management systems. We also will need to continue to expand, train, manage and
motivate our workforce. All of these endeavors will require substantial
management effort. In the future, we may need to expand our facilities or
relocate some or all of our employees or operations from time to time to support
our growth. These relocations could result in temporary disruptions of our
operations or a diversion of management's attention and resources. If we are
unable to effectively manage expanding operations, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


                                       32


<PAGE>   36

THE LOSS OF ANY OF THE THREE THIRD-PARTY SUBCONTRACTORS THAT ASSEMBLE AND TEST
SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR CURRENT PRODUCTS COULD DISRUPT OUR SHIPMENTS, HARM OUR
CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR NET SALES.

         Three third-party subcontractors, ASAT Ltd. in Hong Kong, ST Assembly
Test Services, STATS, in Singapore, and Amkor Technology in the Philippines and
Taiwan, assemble and test almost all of our current products. Because we rely on
third-party subcontractors to assemble and test our products, we cannot directly
control our product delivery schedules and quality assurance and control. This
lack of control has in the past, and could in the future, result in product
shortages or quality assurance problems that could increase our manufacturing,
assembly or testing costs. We do not have long-term agreements with ASAT, STATS
or Amkor. We typically procure services from these suppliers on a per order
basis. If either ASAT, STATS or Amkor experiences capacity constraints or
financial difficulties, if any subcontractor suffers any damage to its
facilities or in the event of any other disruption of assembly and testing
capacity, we may not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services
in a timely manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually takes us to
qualify assemblers and testers, we could experience significant delays in
product shipments if we are required to find alternative assemblers or testers
for our components. Any problems that we may encounter with the delivery,
quality or cost of our products could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations.

         We are continuing to develop relationships with additional third-party
subcontractors to assemble and test our products. In using these new
subcontractors, we will be subject to all of the same risks described in the
foregoing paragraph with respect to ASAT, STATS and Amkor.

AS OUR INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS EXPANDS, OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
OPERATING RESULTS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AS A RESULT OF LEGAL, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMIC RISKS SPECIFIC TO INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS.

         We currently obtain substantially all of our manufacturing, assembly
and testing services from suppliers located outside of the United States. In
addition, approximately 17.2% of our revenue in each of the years ended December
31, 1999 and 1998 was derived from sales to independent customers outside the
United States. We also frequently ship products to our domestic customers'
international manufacturing divisions and subcontractors. In 1999 we established
an international distribution center in Singapore and a design center in The
Netherlands. As a result of our acquisition of HotHaus in August 1999, we now
undertake software design, development and marketing activities in Canada.
Furthermore, as a result of our acquisition of Armedia in May 1999, we also
undertake design and development activities in India. In the future, we intend
to continue to expand these international business activities and also to open
other design and operational centers abroad. International operations are
subject to many inherent risks, including:

         o  political, social and economic instability;

         o  trade restrictions;

         o  the imposition of governmental controls;

         o  exposure to different legal standards, particularly with respect to
            intellectual property;

         o  burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

         o  import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
            United States and each other country in which we operate;

         o  unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

         o  foreign technical standards;

         o  changes in tariffs;

         o  difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

         o  fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

         o  difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities; and

         o  potentially adverse tax consequences.


                                       33

<PAGE>   37
VARIOUS EXPORT LICENSING REQUIREMENTS, THE SEASONALITY OF INTERNATIONAL SALES OR
AN INCREASE IN THE VALUE OF THE U.S. DOLLAR RELATIVE TO FOREIGN CURRENCIES COULD
MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS OR REQUIRE US TO MODIFY OUR CURRENT
BUSINESS PRACTICES SIGNIFICANTLY.

         Various government export regulations apply to the encryption or other
features contained in some of our products. We have applied for and received
several export licenses under these regulations, but we cannot assure you that
we will obtain any licenses for which we have currently applied or any licenses
that we may apply for in the future. If we do not receive the required licenses,
we may be unable to manufacture the affected products at our foreign foundries
or to ship these products to certain customers located outside the United
States. Moreover, the seasonality of international sales and economic conditions
in our primary overseas markets may negatively impact the demand for our
products abroad. All of our international sales to date have been denominated in
U.S. dollars. Accordingly, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative
to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive in international
markets. Any one or more of the foregoing factors could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or require us
to modify our current business practices significantly. We anticipate that these
factors will impact our business to a greater degree as we further expand our
international business activities.

OUR FUTURE SUCCESS DEPENDS IN SIGNIFICANT PART ON STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS WITH
CERTAIN OF OUR CUSTOMERS. IF WE CANNOT MAINTAIN THESE RELATIONSHIPS OR IF THESE
CUSTOMERS DEVELOP THEIR OWN SOLUTIONS OR ADOPT A COMPETITOR'S SOLUTIONS INSTEAD
OF BUYING OUR PRODUCTS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS WOULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

         In the past, we have relied on our strategic relationships with certain
customers who are technology leaders in our target markets. We intend to pursue
and continue to form these strategic relationships in the future. These
relationships often require us to develop new products that typically involve
significant technological challenges. Our partners frequently place considerable
pressure on us to meet their tight development schedules. Accordingly, we may
have to devote a substantial amount of our limited resources to our strategic
relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion of other
important development projects. Delays in development could impair our
relationships with our strategic partners and negatively impact sales of the
products under development. Moreover, it is possible that our customers may
develop their own solutions or adopt a competitor's solution for products that
they currently buy from us. If that happens, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

WE MAY EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTIES IN TRANSITIONING TO SMALLER GEOMETRY PROCESS
TECHNOLOGIES OR IN ACHIEVING HIGHER LEVELS OF DESIGN INTEGRATION AND THAT MAY
RESULT IN REDUCED MANUFACTURING YIELDS, DELAYS IN PRODUCT DELIVERIES AND
INCREASED EXPENSES.

         In order to remain competitive, we expect to transition our products to
increasingly smaller geometries. This transition will require us to redesign
certain products and modify the manufacturing processes for our products. We
continually evaluate the benefits, on a product-by-product basis, of migrating
to smaller geometry process technologies in order to reduce our costs, and we
have begun shifting certain products from .50 micron to .35 micron, .22 micron
and smaller geometry processes. In the past, we have experienced some
difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry process technologies or new
manufacturing processes. These difficulties resulted in reduced manufacturing
yields, delays in product deliveries and increased expenses. We may face similar
difficulties, delays and expenses as we continue to transition our products to
smaller geometry processes. We are dependent on our relationships with our
foundries to transition to smaller geometry processes successfully. We cannot
assure you that our foundries will be able to effectively manage the transition
or that we will be able to maintain our relationships with our foundries. If our
foundries or we experience significant delays in this transition or fail to
efficiently implement this transition, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As smaller
geometry processes become more prevalent, we expect to integrate greater levels
of functionality, as well as customer and third party intellectual property,
into our products. However, we may not be able to achieve higher levels of
design integration or deliver new integrated products on a timely basis, or at
all.


                                       34


<PAGE>   38

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ADEQUATELY PROTECT OR ENFORCE OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS, WHICH COULD HARM OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION.

         Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on our
ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily rely on patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements
and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is
possible that certain of our competitors or other parties may obtain, use or
disclose our technologies and processes. We currently hold 11 issued United
States patents and have filed over 250 United States patent applications. We
cannot assure you that any additional patents will be issued. Even if a new
patent is issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect
our technology. In addition, any of our existing or future patents may be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Moreover, any rights granted under
these patents may not provide us with meaningful protection. If our patents do
not adequately protect our technology, then our competitors may be able to offer
products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar
technology independently or design around our patents. Moreover, because we have
participated in developing various industry standards, we may be required to
license some of our technology and patents to others, including competitors, who
develop products based on the adopted standards.

         We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees
and strategic partners. We also try to control access to and distribution of our
technologies, documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
efforts, parties may attempt to copy, disclose, obtain or use our products,
services or technology without our authorization. As a result, our technologies
and processes may be misappropriated, particularly in foreign countries where
laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.

         In addition, some of our customers have entered into agreements with us
that grant them the right to use our proprietary technology if we ever fail to
fulfill our obligations under those agreements, including product supply
obligations, and do not correct this failure within a specified time period.
Moreover, we often incorporate the intellectual property of our strategic
customers into our own designs, and have certain obligations not to use or
disclose their intellectual property without their authorization. We cannot
assure you that our efforts to prevent the misappropriation or infringement of
our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our customers will
succeed. In the future, we may have to engage in litigation to enforce our
intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the
validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, including our customers.
This litigation may be very expensive, divert management's attention and
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER CLAIMS AGAINST US COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO
MARKET OUR PRODUCTS, REQUIRE US TO REDESIGN OUR PRODUCTS OR SEEK LICENSES FROM
THIRD PARTIES AND SERIOUSLY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

         Companies in the semiconductor industry often aggressively protect and
pursue their intellectual property rights. From time to time, we have received,
and may continue to receive in the future, notices that claim we have infringed
upon, misappropriated or misused other parties' proprietary rights. In March
2000 Intel Corporation and its subsidiary Level One Communications, Inc. filed a
lawsuit against us alleging misappropriation of trade secrets, unfair
competition and tortious interference with existing contractual relations in
connection with our recent hiring of three former Intel employees. In 1999 we
settled litigation with Stanford Telecommunications, Inc. that related to the
alleged infringement of one of Stanford's patents by several of our cable modem
products. In 1999 we prevailed in litigation with Sarnoff Corporation and
NxtWave Communications, Inc., formerly Sarnoff Digital Communications, Inc.,
which alleged that we misappropriated and misused certain of their trade secrets
in connection with our hiring of five former Sarnoff employees. Our subsidiary,
AltoCom, is the defendant in patent litigation brought by Motorola, Inc.
relating to software modem technology. Although we are defending the pending
litigation vigorously, it is possible that we will not prevail in pending or
future lawsuits. In addition, we may be sued in the future by other parties who
claim that we have infringed their patents or misappropriated or misused their
trade secrets, or who may seek to invalidate one of our patents. Any of these
claims may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. For example, in a patent or trade secret action, a court
could issue an injunction against us that would require us to withdraw or recall
certain products from the market or redesign certain products offered for sale
or under development. In addition, we may be liable for damages for past
infringement and royalties for future use of the technology. We may also have to
indemnify certain customers and strategic partners under our agreements with
such parties if a third party alleges or if a court finds that we have infringed
upon, misappropriated or misused another party's proprietary rights. Even if
claims against us are not valid or successfully asserted, these claims could
result in significant costs and a diversion of management and personnel
resources to defend. In that event, our business, financial condition and
results of operations would likely be materially and adversely affected. If any
claims or actions are asserted against us, we may seek to obtain a license under
a third party's intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to
obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.


                                       35


<PAGE>   39
OUR PRODUCTS TYPICALLY HAVE LENGTHY SALES CYCLES. A CUSTOMER MAY DECIDE TO
CANCEL OR CHANGE ITS PRODUCT PLANS, WHICH COULD CAUSE US TO LOSE ANTICIPATED
SALES. IN ADDITION, OUR AVERAGE PRODUCT CYCLES TEND TO BE SHORT AND, AS A
RESULT, WE MAY HOLD EXCESS OR OBSOLETE INVENTORY WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT
OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

         After we have developed and delivered a product to a customer, our
customer will often test and evaluate our product prior to designing its own
equipment to incorporate our product. Our customer may need three to six months
or longer to test and evaluate our product and an additional three to six months
or more to begin volume production of equipment that incorporates our product.
Due to this lengthy sales cycle, we may experience delays from the time we
increase our operating expenses and our investments in inventory until the time
that we generate revenues for these products. It is possible that we may never
generate any revenues from these products after incurring such expenditures.
Even if a customer selects our product to incorporate into its equipment, we
have no assurances that such customer will ultimately market and sell their
equipment or that such efforts by our customer will be successful. The delays
inherent in our lengthy sales cycle increase the risk that a customer will
decide to cancel or change its product plans. Such a cancellation or change in
plans by a customer could cause us to lose sales that we had anticipated. In
addition, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected if a significant customer curtails, reduces or
delays orders during our sales cycle or chooses not to release equipment that
contains our products.

         While our sales cycles are typically long, our average product life
cycles tend to be short as a result of the rapidly changing technology
environment in which we operate. As a result, the resources devoted to product
sales and marketing may not generate material revenues for us, and from time to
time, we may need to write off excess and obsolete inventory. If we incur
significant marketing and inventory expenses in the future that we are not able
to recover, and we are not able to compensate for those expenses, our operating
results could be adversely affected. In addition, if we sell our products at
reduced prices in anticipation of cost reductions, and we still have higher cost
products in inventory, our operating results would be harmed.

BECAUSE WE ARE SUBJECT TO ORDER AND SHIPMENT UNCERTAINTIES, ANY SIGNIFICANT
CANCELLATIONS OR DEFERRALS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

         We typically sell products pursuant to purchase orders that customers
can generally cancel or defer on short notice without incurring a significant
penalty. Any significant cancellations or deferrals could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, cancellations or deferrals could cause us to hold excess inventory,
which could reduce our profit margins and restrict our ability to fund our
operations. We recognize revenue upon shipment of products to a customer. If a
customer refuses to accept shipped products or does not timely pay for these
products, we could incur significant charges against our income. These charges
could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

THE COMPLEXITY OF OUR PRODUCTS COULD RESULT IN UNFORESEEN DELAYS OR EXPENSES AND
IN UNDETECTED DEFECTS OR BUGS, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET
ACCEPTANCE OF NEW PRODUCTS AND DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION WITH CURRENT OR
PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS.

         Highly complex products such as the products that we offer frequently
contain defects and bugs when they are first introduced or as new versions are
released. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience,
these defects and bugs. If any of our products contain defects or bugs, or have
reliability, quality or compatibility problems, our reputation may be damaged
and customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could materially and
adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers or attract new
customers. In addition, these defects or bugs could interrupt or delay sales to
our customers. In order to alleviate these problems, we may have to invest
significant capital and other resources. Although our products are tested by our
suppliers, our customers and ourselves, we cannot assure you that our new
products will not contain defects or bugs. If any of these problems are not
found until after we have commenced commercial production of a new product, we
may be required to incur additional development costs and product recall, repair
or replacement costs. These problems may also result in claims


                                       36


<PAGE>   40

against us by our customers or others. In addition, these problems may divert
our technical and other resources from other development efforts. Moreover, we
would likely lose, or experience a delay in, market acceptance of the affected
product or products, and we could lose credibility with our current and
prospective customers.

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY VARY SIGNIFICANTLY DUE TO THE CYCLICALITY OF THE
SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY. ANY SUCH VARIATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET
PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

         We operate in the semiconductor industry, which is cyclical and
subject to rapid technological change. From time to time, the semiconductor
industry has experienced significant economic downturns, characterized by
diminished product demand, accelerated erosion of prices and excess production
capacity. This industry also periodically experiences increased demand and
production capacity constraints. Accordingly, our quarterly results may vary
significantly as a result of the general conditions in the semiconductor
industry.

OUR CALIFORNIA FACILITIES AND THE FACILITIES OF ONE OF THE TWO INDEPENDENT
FOUNDRIES UPON WHICH WE RELY TO MANUFACTURE SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR CURRENT
PRODUCTS ARE LOCATED IN REGIONS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO EARTHQUAKES AND OTHER
NATURAL DISASTERS.

         Our California facilities, including our principal executive offices,
are located near major earthquake fault lines. If there is a major earthquake or
any other natural disaster in a region where one of our facilities is located,
our business could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, TSMC, one
of the two outside foundries upon which we rely to manufacture substantially all
of our semiconductor devices, is located in Taiwan, a country that is also
subject to earthquakes. Any earthquake or other natural disaster in Taiwan could
materially disrupt TSMC's production capabilities and could result in our
experiencing a significant delay in delivery, or substantial shortage, of wafers
and possibly in higher wafer prices.

CHANGES IN CURRENT OR FUTURE LAWS OR REGULATIONS OR THE IMPOSITION OF NEW LAWS
OR REGULATIONS BY THE FCC, OTHER FEDERAL OR STATE AGENCIES OR FOREIGN
GOVERNMENTS COULD IMPEDE THE SALE OF OUR PRODUCTS OR OTHERWISE HARM OUR
BUSINESS.

         The Federal Communications Commission has broad jurisdiction over each
of our target markets. Although current FCC regulations and the laws and
regulations of other federal or state agencies are not directly applicable to
our products, they do apply to much of the equipment into which our products are
incorporated. As a result, the effects of regulation on our customers or the
industries in which they operate may, in turn, materially and adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. FCC regulatory
policies that affect the ability of cable operators or telephone companies to
offer certain services or other aspects of their business may impede the sale of
our products. For example, in the past we have experienced delays when products
incorporating our chips failed to comply with FCC emissions specifications. We
and our customers may also be subject to regulation by countries other than the
United States. Foreign governments may impose tariffs, duties and other import
restrictions on components that we obtain from non-domestic suppliers and may
impose export restrictions on products that we sell internationally. These
tariffs, duties or restrictions could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in current laws
or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United
States or elsewhere could also materially and adversely affect our business.

CERTAIN OF OUR DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND THEIR AFFILIATES CAN CONTROL
THE OUTCOME OF MATTERS THAT REQUIRE THE APPROVAL OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS, AND
ACCORDINGLY WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITHOUT THEIR
APPROVAL.

         As of March 3, 2000 our directors and executive officers beneficially
owned approximately 34.7% of our outstanding common stock and 67.1% of the total
voting control held by our shareholders. In particular, as of March 3, 2000 our
two founders, Dr. Henry T. Nicholas III and Dr. Henry Samueli, beneficially
owned a total of approximately 32.9% of our outstanding common stock and 64.3%
of the total voting control held by our shareholders. Accordingly, these
shareholders currently have enough voting power to control the outcome of
matters that require the approval of our shareholders. These matters include the
election of a majority of our Board of Directors, the issuance of additional
shares of Class B common stock, and the approval


                                       37


<PAGE>   41

of any significant corporate transaction, including a merger, consolidation or
sale of substantially all of our assets. In addition, these insiders currently
also control the management of our business. Because of their significant stock
ownership, we will not be able to engage in certain transactions without the
approval of these shareholders. These transactions include proxy contests,
mergers, tender offers, open market purchase programs or other purchases of our
Class A common stock that could give our shareholders the opportunity to receive
a higher price for their shares than the prevailing market price at the time of
such purchases.

OUR STOCK PRICE IS HIGHLY VOLATILE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RESELL
YOUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK AT OR ABOVE THE PRICE YOU PAID FOR THEM.

         The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated
substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and
subject to wide fluctuations. Since our initial public offering in April 1998,
our Class A common stock has traded at prices as low as $11.75 and as high as
$253.00 per share. These fluctuations have occurred and may continue to occur in
response to various factors, many of which we cannot control, including:

         o  quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results;

         o  announcements of technological innovations or new products by our
            competitors, customers or us;

         o  general conditions in the semiconductor industry and
            telecommunications and data communications equipment markets;

         o  changes in earnings estimates or investment recommendations by
            analysts;

         o  changes in investor perceptions; or

         o  changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and
            strategic position or those of our competitors or customers.

         In addition, the market prices of securities of Internet-related and
other high technology companies have been especially volatile. This volatility
has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many technology
companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the
specific companies. Accordingly, you may not be able to resell your shares of
common stock at or above the price you paid. In the past, companies that have
experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been the
subject of securities class action litigation. If we were the object of a
securities class action litigation, it could result in substantial losses and
divert management's attention and resources from other matters.

OUR PRODUCTS AND INTERNAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND THE PRODUCTS AND SYSTEMS OF
OUR CUSTOMERS AND THE THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS WHO FABRICATE, TEST AND ASSEMBLE OUR
PRODUCTS MAY BE NEGATIVELY IMPACTED BY YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE PROBLEMS.

         Many existing computer systems, software applications and embedded
computer chips, software and firmware in control devices use only two digits to
identify a year in the date field. These systems, applications and control
devices need to accept four digit entries to distinguish 21st Century dates from
20th Century dates. In addition, they may not correctly process "leap year"
dates or may fail to recognize February 29, 2000 as a leap year date as a result
of an exception to the calculation of leap years that will occur in the Year
2000 and otherwise occurs only once every 400 years. As a result, these systems
and applications had to be upgraded to comply with the Year 2000 requirements or
risk system failure, miscalculations or other disruptions to normal business
activities.

         We have evaluated our Year 2000 readiness, both in terms of the
compliance of our products and the compliance of our information systems and
applications which monitor all aspects of our business, including financial
systems, customer services, marketing information, infrastructure and
telecommunications equipment. We believe that our products and internal
information systems are Year 2000 compliant. To date we have not experienced any
Year 2000 problems in our computer systems or operations. However, we cannot yet
assess the extent of the Year 2000 impact and cannot be sure that we will not
experience unanticipated residual consequences of the change in centuries due to
the interaction between our own systems and products and the systems and
products of third parties. We believe our greatest exposure to residual Year
2000 risks relates to the readiness of the third party suppliers who fabricate,
assemble and test our products and of our customers, who incorporate our
products


                                       38


<PAGE>   42

into their own products. Any failure of these third parties to resolve any
residual Year 2000 problems in a timely manner could materially disrupt our
business and affect the marketability of our products. Any such disruption could
negatively impact our sales, harm our relationships with our customers, and
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

         We also rely on the external systems of other third parties such as
creditors, financial organizations, governmental entities and other suppliers,
both domestic and international, to provide us with services and accurate data.
Our business could be materially and adversely affected if any of these third
parties experience disruptions in their operations or if an economic crisis or
general widespread problems result from systems that are not Year 2000
compliant.

         Our contingency plans to address these issues may not be adequate to
meet our needs without disrupting our business or without causing delays and
inefficiencies inherent in conducting operations in an alternative manner. If we
fail to adequately address any Year 2000 problems that do emerge, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected.

WE MAY NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE THROUGH THE ISSUANCE OF
ADDITIONAL EQUITY OR CONVERTIBLE DEBT SECURITIES OR BY BORROWING MONEY, AND
ADDITIONAL FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON TERMS ACCEPTABLE TO US.

         We believe that the cash, cash equivalents and investments on hand and
the cash we expect to generate from operations will be sufficient to meet our
capital needs for at least the next twelve months. However, it is possible that
we may need to raise additional funds to fund our activities beyond the next
year. We could raise these funds by selling more stock to the public or to
selected investors, or by borrowing money. In addition, even though we may not
need additional funds, we may still elect to sell additional equity securities
or obtain credit facilities for other reasons. We may not be able to obtain
additional funds on favorable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not
available, we may be required to curtail our operations significantly or to
obtain funds through arrangements with strategic partners or others that may
require us to relinquish rights to certain technologies or potential markets. If
we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt
securities, the ownership percentages of existing shareholders would be reduced.
In addition, the equity or debt securities that we issue may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.

         It is possible that our future capital requirements may vary materially
from those now planned. The amount of capital that we will need in the future
will depend on many factors, including:

         o  the market acceptance of our products;

         o  the levels of promotion and advertising that will be required to
            launch our products and achieve and maintain a competitive position
            in the marketplace;

         o  volume price discounts;

         o  our business, product, capital expenditure and research and
            development plans and product and technology roadmaps;

         o  the levels of inventory and accounts receivable that we maintain;

         o  capital improvements to new and existing facilities;

         o  technological advances;

         o  our competitors' response to our products; and

         o  our relationships with suppliers and customers.

         In addition, we may require additional capital to accommodate planned
growth, hiring, infrastructure and facility needs or to consummate acquisitions
of other businesses, products or technologies.

OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS CONTAIN ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS THAT
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

         Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may
prevent or discourage a third party from acquiring us, even if the acquisition
would be beneficial to our shareholders. In addition, we have in the past issued
and will in the future issue shares of Class B common stock in connection with
certain acquisitions, upon exercise of certain stock options, and for other
purposes. Class B shares have superior voting rights entitling the holder
to ten


                                       39


<PAGE>   43

votes for each share held on matters that we submit to a shareholder vote (as
compared with one vote per share in the case of our publicly-held Class A common
stock). Our Board of Directors also has the authority to fix the rights and
preferences of shares of our preferred stock and to issue such shares without a
shareholder vote. It is possible that the provisions in our charter documents,
the existence of supervoting rights by holders of our Class B common stock, our
officers' ownership of a majority of the Class B common stock and the ability of
our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock may prevent parties from
acquiring us. In addition, these factors may discourage third parties from
bidding for our Class A common stock at a premium over the market price for this
stock. Finally, these factors may also materially and adversely affect the
market price of our Class A common stock, and the voting and other rights of the
holders of our common stock.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Investment Portfolio

         We do not use derivative financial instruments in our non-trading
investment portfolio. We place our investments in instruments that meet high
credit quality standards, as specified in our investment policy guidelines; the
policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue, issuer or
type of instrument. We do not expect any material loss with respect to our
investment portfolio.

         The table below provides information about our non-trading investment
portfolio. For investment securities, the table presents principal cash flows
and related weighted average fixed interest rates by expected maturity dates.
Our investment policy requires that all investments mature in three years or
less, with a weighted average maturity of no longer than one year.

         Principal (notional) amounts by expected maturity (at December 31,
1999):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        FAIR VALUE
                                          2000            2001            TOTAL            1999
                                        --------         ------         --------        ----------
                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT INTEREST RATES)
<S>                                     <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
Cash and cash equivalents............   $ 22,514         $   --         $ 22,514         $ 22,517
   Weighted average rate.............       5.93%            --             5.93%
Investments .........................   $ 86,215         $9,351         $ 95,566         $ 95,293
   Weighted average rate.............       4.59%          3.33%            4.47%
Total portfolio .....................   $108,729         $9,351         $118,080         $117,810
   Weighted average rate.............       4.87%          3.33%            4.75%
</TABLE>


                                       40

<PAGE>   44

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item
are included in Part IV, Item 14 of this Form 10-K and are presented beginning
on page F-1.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         Not applicable

                                    PART III.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         (a) Identification of Directors. The information under the caption
"Election of Directors," appearing in the Proxy Statement, is incorporated
herein by reference.

         (b) Identification of Executive Officers. The information under the
caption "Executive Officers and Key Employees," appearing in the Proxy
Statement, is incorporated herein by reference.

         (c) Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. The information
under the caption "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,"
appearing in the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         The information under the caption "Executive Compensation and Other
Information," appearing in the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         The information under the caption "Ownership of Securities," appearing
in the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         The information under the heading "Certain Transactions," appearing in
the Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

         The following consolidated financial statements, and related notes
thereto, of the Company and the Report of Independent Auditors are filed as part
of this Form 10-K.
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

         Report of Independent Auditors                                      F-1

         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and 1998        F-2

         Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
           December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997                                  F-3

         Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years
           ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997                            F-4

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
           December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997                                  F-5

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                          F-6


                                       41


<PAGE>   45

    2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

         The following financial statement schedule of the Company is filed as
part of this Form 10-K. All other schedules have been omitted because they are
not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
         Report of Independent Auditors on Financial Statement Schedule      S-1

         Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts        S-2

    3.  EXHIBITS.

        The exhibits listed on the accompanying index to exhibits immediately
following the financial statements are filed as part of, or hereby incorporated
by reference into, this Form 10-K.

(b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

         On November 24, 1999 the Company filed a report on Form 8-K/A to
provide restated historical consolidated financial statements to reflect the
pooled operations of HotHaus and AltoCom.


                                       42

<PAGE>   46

                           GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS

<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>
Adaptive Equalization..............  Receiver technique for compensating for distortions in a transmission media.

ADSL...............................  Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line. Twisted-pair modem technology that
                                     achieves data rates up to 8 Mbps downstream to the subscriber and 1 Mbps
                                     upstream to the network at distances up to 18,000 feet.

Bandwidth..........................  A range of signal frequencies, measured in cycles per second or Hertz (Hz).
                                     Also refers to the speed at which data is transmitted, measured in bits per
                                     second (bps).

Broadband Communications...........  Data transmission at speeds of greater than 1.5 Mbps.

CMOS...............................  Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor. Technology used to manufacture
                                     silicon integrated circuits.

DBS................................  Digital Broadcast Satellite. A broadband communications technology that
                                     broadcasts digital television programming from satellites directly to dish
                                     antennas.

DOCSIS.............................  Data Over Cable Service Interface Specifications. Industry specification that
                                     defines the technical equipment for high-speed cable modem and headend
                                     equipment.

DSP................................  Digital Signal Processing.

Ethernet (10Base-T)................  Networking protocol widely used in LANs for connecting devices by means of
                                     copper twisted pair wiring at speeds of 10 Mbps.

Fast Ethernet (100Base-T)..........  An extension to the 10Base-T Ethernet network access method which operates at
                                     100 Mbps.

FEC................................  Forward Error Correction. A receiver technique for correcting errors in the
                                     received data.

GHz................................  GigaHertz. One billion cycles per second.

Gigabit Ethernet (1000Base-T)......  An extension to the 100Base-T Ethernet network access method which operates
                                     at 1,000 Mbps or equivalently 1 Gbps.

Headend............................  The central distribution point in a cable television system. Typically serves
                                     tens to hundreds of thousands of homes.

HFC................................  Hybrid Fiber Coax. Upgraded cable plant which uses a combination of fiber
                                     optic cable in the backbone and coaxial cable in the subscriber feeder plant.

IC.................................  Integrated Circuit.

kbps...............................  Kilobits per second.

LAN................................  Local Area Network. A private data communications network linking a variety
                                     of data devices such as computers and printers within an office or home
                                     environment.

LMDS...............................  Local Multipoint Distribution System. A broadband wireless communications
                                     network that uses microwave frequencies above 10 GHz to transmit video and
                                     data to residences over a cellular-like network at distances under a few
                                     miles.
</TABLE>


                                       43


<PAGE>   47

<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>
MAC................................  Media Access Control. Protocol for controlling the upstream and downstream
                                     traffic flow in a local or wide area network.

Mbps...............................  Megabits per second. Million bits per second.

MMDS...............................  Multichannel Multipoint Distribution Service. A broadband wireless
                                     communications network that uses microwave frequencies below 10 GHz to
                                     transmit video and data to residences at distances up to tens of miles.

MPEG...............................  Moving Picture Experts Group. Industry standard for compressing and
                                     decompressing digital audio video signals.

NIC................................  Network Interface Card. Plug-in adapter card enables a computer to connect to
                                     a LAN.

QAM................................  Quadrature Amplitude Modulation. A digital modulation technique that allows
                                     very efficient transmission of data over media with limited available
                                     bandwidth.

QPSK...............................  Quadrature Phase Shift Keying. A digital technique which is widely employed
                                     in direct broadcast satellite transmission systems.

RISC...............................  Reduced Instruction Set Computer.

RF.................................  Radio Frequency.

VDSL...............................  Very High Bit-Rate Digital Subscriber Line. Twisted pair modem technology
                                     that achieves data rates up to 52 Mbps downstream to the subscriber and 6
                                     Mbps upstream to the network at distances up to 4,000 feet.

VSB................................  Vestigial Side Band. North American standard for broadcast HDTV.

WAN................................  Wide Area Network. A data communications network, such as the Internet, which
                                     links a variety of data devices over a large geographical distance.

xDSL...............................  Generic representation of the entire family of Digital Subscriber Line
                                     technology spanning data rates from 128 kbps to 52 Mbps depending on the
                                     distance between the central office and subscriber.
</TABLE>


                                       44

<PAGE>   48

                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


Board of Directors and Shareholders
Broadcom Corporation

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Broadcom Corporation as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Broadcom Corporation at December 31, 1999 and 1998, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1999, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States.

                                              /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


Orange County, California
January 18, 2000, except for
Note 13, as to which the
date is March 8, 2000

                                      F-1

<PAGE>   49

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  ---------------------------
                                                                     1999              1998
                                                                  ---------         ---------
<S>                                                               <C>               <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents ..............................        $ 173,966         $  72,511
  Short-term investments .................................           86,215            34,344
  Accounts receivable (net of allowances for doubtful
     accounts and sales returns and allowances of
     $7,673 in 1999 and $5,167 in 1998) ..................           91,457            42,279
  Inventory ..............................................           19,177             7,325
  Deferred taxes .........................................            8,380             6,184
  Income taxes receivable ................................               --             3,069
  Prepaid expenses .......................................           12,132             6,932
                                                                  ---------         ---------
          Total current assets ...........................          391,327           172,644
Property and equipment, net ..............................           47,099            31,600
Long-term investments ....................................            9,351            42,826
Deferred taxes ...........................................          127,740             6,721
Other assets .............................................            9,792             6,790
                                                                  ---------         ---------
          Total assets ...................................        $ 585,309         $ 260,581
                                                                  =========         =========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Trade accounts payable .................................        $  44,860         $  22,374
  Wages and related benefits .............................           14,571             3,135
  Accrued liabilities ....................................           26,123             8,217
  Current portion of long-term debt ......................              508             7,252
                                                                  ---------         ---------
          Total current liabilities ......................           86,062            40,978
Long-term debt, less current portion .....................              548             4,100
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders' equity:
  Convertible preferred stock, $.0001 par value:
     Authorized shares - 10,000,000
     Issued and outstanding shares - none in 1999 and 1998               --                --
  Class A common stock, $.0001 par value:
     Authorized shares--400,000,000
     Issued and outstanding shares-- 110,402,852 in 1999
      and 53,982,780 in 1998 .............................               11                 6
  Class B common stock, $.0001 par value:
     Authorized shares--200,000,000
     Issued and outstanding shares-- 98,861,666 in 1999
     and 143,855,302 in 1998 .............................               10                14
  Additional paid-in capital .............................          413,218           206,912
  Notes receivable from employees ........................           (1,543)           (2,743)
  Deferred compensation ..................................           (8,089)           (6,926)
  Retained earnings ......................................           95,092            18,240
                                                                  ---------         ---------
          Total shareholders' equity .....................          498,699           215,503
                                                                  ---------         ---------
          Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .....        $ 585,309         $ 260,581
                                                                  =========         =========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-2

<PAGE>   50

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                             -----------------------------------------
                                               1999            1998             1997
                                             --------        --------        ---------
<S>                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenue .............................        $518,183        $216,456        $  42,341
Cost of revenue .....................         209,837          91,403           15,563
                                             --------        --------        ---------
Gross profit ........................         308,346         125,053           26,778

Operating expense:
  Research and development ..........         108,579          51,090           21,545
  Selling, general and administrative          56,601          32,939           11,410
  Merger-related costs ..............          15,210              --               --
  Litigation settlement costs .......          17,036              --               --
                                             --------        --------        ---------
Income (loss) from operations .......         110,920          41,024           (6,177)
Interest and other income, net ......           8,402           4,154               91
                                             --------        --------        ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes ...         119,322          45,178           (6,086)
Provision (benefit) for income taxes           36,035          20,586             (157)
                                             --------        --------        ---------
Net income (loss) ...................        $ 83,287        $ 24,592        $  (5,929)
                                             ========        ========        =========
Basic earnings (loss) per share .....        $    .42        $    .15        $    (.05)
                                             ========        ========        =========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share ...        $    .36        $    .12        $    (.05)
                                             ========        ========        =========
Weighted average shares (basic) .....         198,512         168,885          116,341
                                             ========        ========        =========
Weighted average shares (diluted) ...         232,285         204,631          116,341
                                             ========        ========        =========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-3

<PAGE>   51

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              CONVERTIBLE
                                            PREFERRED STOCK                COMMON STOCK         ADDITIONAL
                                        ------------------------       --------------------      PAID-IN
                                         SHARES          AMOUNT          SHARES       AMOUNT     CAPITAL
                                        ---------       --------       -----------    ------    ----------

<S>                                     <C>             <C>            <C>              <C>      <C>
Balance at December 31, 1996 ....       2,093,839       $  6,084       124,963,788      $12      $  8,396
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................              --             --         6,968,036        1        10,660
  Issuance of preferred stock,
     net of issuance costs
     of $36 .....................       1,500,000         22,689                --       --            --
  Repurchases of preferred stock          (26,000)          (156)               --       --            --
  Issuance of Class B common
     Stock ......................              --             --         1,140,000       --         1,050
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of repurchases ..........              --             --         7,251,168        1         3,568
  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options ............              --             --                --       --           191
  Deferred compensation
    related to grant of stock
    options .....................              --             --                --       --         1,156
  Amortization of deferred
     Compensation ...............              --             --                --       --            --
  Net loss ......................              --             --                --       --            --
                                       ----------       --------       -----------      ---      --------
Balance at December 31, 1997 ....       3,567,839         28,617       140,322,992       14        25,021
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................              --             --         3,390,358       --         7,158
  Conversion of preferred
     stock into Class B common
     stock ......................      (3,567,839)       (28,617)       33,814,068        3        28,614
  Issuance of Class A common
     stock in initial public
     offering, net of offering
     costs of $1,628 ............              --             --        14,480,000        2        79,168
  Issuance of Class A common
     stock in follow-on
     offering, net of offering
     costs of $584 ..............              --             --         1,880,000       --        30,548
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of Repurchases ..........              --             --         3,612,408        1         1,885

  Employee stock purchase plan ..              --             --           338,256       --         1,725
  Repayment of notes receivable
    from employees ..............              --             --                --       --            --

  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options and
    stock purchase ..............              --             --                --       --        25,171
  Deferred compensation
    related to grant of
    stock options ...............              --             --                --       --         7,622
  Amortization of deferred
     compensation ...............              --             --                --       --            --
  Net income ....................              --             --                --       --            --
                                       ----------       --------       -----------      ---      --------
Balance at December 31, 1998 ....              --             --       197,838,082       20       206,912
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................              --             --         1,743,676       --        18,179
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of repurchases ..........              --             --         8,945,672        1        24,015

  Employee stock purchase plan ..              --             --           737,088       --         5,016

  Repayment of notes receivable
     from employees .............              --             --                --       --            --

  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options and stock
    purchase plan ...............              --             --                --       --       154,103
  Deferred compensation related
    related to grant of stock
    options .....................              --             --                --       --         4,993
  Amortization of deferred
     compensation ...............              --             --                --       --            --
  Net income ....................              --             --                --       --            --
                                       ----------       --------       -----------      ---      --------
Balance at December 31, 1999 ....              --       $     --       209,264,518      $21      $413,218
                                       ==========       ========       ===========      ===      ========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          NOTES
                                        RECEIVABLE                                           TOTAL
                                          FROM          DEFERRED         RETAINED        SHAREHOLDERS'
                                        EMPLOYEES     COMPENSATION       EARNINGS           EQUITY
                                        ----------    ------------       --------        -------------
<S>                                      <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
Balance at December 31, 1996 ....        $  (748)        $    --         $  1,739         $  15,483
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................             --              --               --            10,661
  Issuance of preferred stock,
     net of issuance costs
     of $36 .....................             --              --               --            22,689
  Repurchases of preferred stock              --              --               --              (156)
  Issuance of Class B common
     Stock ......................             --              --               --             1,050
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of repurchases ..........         (2,614)             --               --               955
  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options ............             --              --               --               191
  Deferred compensation
    related to grant of stock
    options .....................             --          (1,156)              --                --
  Amortization of deferred
     Compensation ...............             --              66               --                66
  Net loss ......................             --              --           (5,929)           (5,929)
                                        --------         -------         --------         ---------
Balance at December 31, 1997 ....         (3,362)         (1,090)          (4,190)           45,010
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................             --              --           (2,162)            4,996
  Conversion of preferred
     stock into Class B common
     stock ......................             --              --               --                --
  Issuance of Class A common
     stock in initial public
     offering, net of offering
     costs of $1,628 ............             --              --               --            79,170
  Issuance of Class A common
     stock in follow-on
     offering, net of offering
     costs of $584 ..............             --              --               --            30,548
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of Repurchases ..........           (191)             --               --             1,695
  Employee stock purchase plan ..             --              --               --             1,725
  Repayment of notes receivable
    from employees ..............            810              --               --               810
  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options and
    stock purchase ..............             --              --               --            25,171
  Deferred compensation
    related to grant of
    stock options ...............             --          (7,622)              --                --
  Amortization of deferred
     compensation ...............             --           1,786               --             1,786
  Net income ....................             --              --           24,592            24,592
                                         -------         -------         --------         ---------
Balance at December 31, 1998 ....         (2,743)         (6,926)          18,240           215,503
  Shares issued in business
   combinations .................             --              --           (6,435)           11,744
  Exercise of stock options,
    net of repurchases ..........             --              --               --            24,016
  Employee stock purchase plan ..             --              --               --             5,016
  Repayment of notes receivable
     from employees .............          1,200              --               --             1,200
  Tax benefit from exercise
    of stock options and stock
    purchase plan ...............             --              --               --           154,103
  Deferred compensation related
    related to grant of stock
    options .....................             --          (4,993)              --                --
  Amortization of deferred
     compensation ...............             --           3,830               --             3,830
  Net income ....................             --              --           83,287            83,287
                                         -------         -------         --------         ---------
Balance at December 31, 1999 ....        $(1,543)        $(8,089)        $ 95,092         $ 498,699
                                         =======         =======         ========         =========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>   52

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------
                                                               1999              1998              1997
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
<S>                                                          <C>               <C>               <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income (loss) ...................................        $  83,287         $  24,592         $ (5,929)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
  cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization ..................           14,042             9,143            3,364
     Amortization of deferred compensation ..........            3,830             1,786               66
     Deferred taxes .................................          (20,765)          (11,679)            (707)
     Change in operating assets and liabilities:
       Accounts receivable ..........................          (49,178)          (31,614)          (6,789)
       Inventory ....................................          (11,852)           (4,613)          (1,805)
       Income taxes .................................            9,248            (2,636)          (2,245)
       Prepaid expenses and other assets ............           (8,202)          (11,571)          (1,011)
       Accounts payable .............................           22,486            14,474            5,578
       Other accrued liabilities ....................           23,163             8,115            2,755
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities .           66,059            (4,003)          (6,723)

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property and equipment, net ............          (29,244)          (29,079)          (8,100)
Proceeds from sale of investments ...................               --             8,808               --
Purchases of investments ............................          (18,396)          (85,978)              --
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
Net cash used in investing activities ...............          (47,640)         (106,249)          (8,100)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from long-term obligations .................               --             4,535            3,779
Payments on long-term obligations ...................           (6,797)           (4,873)            (647)
Payments on capital lease obligations ...............             (654)             (329)            (448)
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock ...........               --                --           22,689
Payments on repurchase of preferred stock ...........               --                --             (156)
Net proceeds from initial public offering of
  Class A common stock ..............................               --            79,170               --
Net proceeds from follow-on offering of
  Class A common stock ..............................               --            30,548               --
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock ..........           37,634            14,700           12,666
Tax benefit from exercise of stock options and stock
  purchase plan .....................................           51,653            25,171              191

Proceeds from repayment of notes receivable from
  employees .........................................            1,200               810               --
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
Net cash provided by financing activities ...........           83,036           149,732           38,074
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
Increase in cash and cash equivalents ...............          101,455            39,480           23,251
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ......           72,511            33,031            9,780
                                                             ---------         ---------         --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ............        $ 173,966         $  72,511         $ 33,031
                                                             =========         =========         ========

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Interest paid .......................................        $     420         $     493         $    274
                                                             =========         =========         ========
Income taxes paid ...................................        $   2,397         $   9,890         $  1,850
                                                             =========         =========         ========
</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.

                                      F-5

<PAGE>   53

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

THE COMPANY

         Broadcom Corporation (the "Company") is the leading provider of highly
integrated silicon solutions that enable broadband digital transmission of
voice, video and data to and throughout the home and within the business
enterprise. These integrated circuits permit the cost effective delivery of
high-speed, high-bandwidth networking using existing communications
infrastructures that were not originally designed for the transmission of
broadband digital content. Using proprietary technologies and advanced design
methodologies, the Company designs, develops and supplies integrated circuits
for a number of the most significant broadband communications markets, including
the markets for digital cable set-top boxes, cable modems, high-speed office
networks, home networking, direct broadcast satellite and terrestrial digital
broadcast, and digital subscriber lines.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated.

         In 1999 the Company established an international distribution center in
Singapore and a design center in the Netherlands and, as a result of
acquisitions, has software design, development and marketing activities in
Canada and design and development activities in India. At December 31, 1999
approximately $73.0 million of the Company's net assets were located outside of
the United States, primarily in Singapore.

USE OF ESTIMATES

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates made in preparing the financial statements include the
allowance for doubtful accounts, sales returns and allowances, inventory
reserves, warranty reserves and income tax valuation allowances.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

         Revenue from product sales is recognized at the time of shipment.
Provision is concurrently made for estimated product returns. Development
revenue is recognized when earned. Revenue from licensed software is recognized
at the time of shipment, provided the Company has vendor-specific objective
evidence of the fair value of each element of the software offering. Revenue
from post-contract customer support and any other future deliverables is
deferred and earned over the support period or as contract elements are
delivered.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

         The Company sells the majority of its products throughout North
America, Europe and Asia. Sales to the Company's recurring customers are
generally made on open account while sales to occasional customers are typically
made on a prepaid or letter of credit basis. The Company performs periodic
credit evaluations of its ongoing customers and generally does not require
collateral. Reserves are maintained for potential credit losses, and such losses
have been minimal and within management's expectations.

         The Company invests its excess cash in deposits with major banks, in
U.S. Treasury and U.S. agency obligations and in debt securities of corporations
with strong credit ratings and in a variety of industries. It is the Company's
policy to invest in instruments that have a final maturity of no longer than
three years, with a portfolio weighted average maturity of not more than one
year.


                                      F-6


<PAGE>   54

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         The Company's financial instruments consist principally of cash and
cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, and borrowings. The Company believes all of the financial
instruments' recorded values approximate current values.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term investments
with original maturities of ninety days or less.

INVESTMENTS

         The Company accounts for its investments in debt securities under FASB
Statement No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities. Management determines the appropriate classification of such
securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such classification as of
each balance sheet date. The investments are adjusted for amortization of
premiums and discounts to maturity and such amortization is included in interest
income. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other than
temporary are determined based on the specific identification method and are
reported in the statement of operations.

INVENTORY

         Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or
market and consists of the following:

                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                       -------------------
                                        1999         1998
                                       -------      ------
                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
Work in process......................  $11,878      $3,546
Finished goods.......................    7,299       3,779
                                       -------      ------
                                       $19,177      $7,325
                                       =======      ======
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

         Property and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation and
amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the assets'
estimated useful lives ranging from two to seven years. Property and equipment
are comprised of the following:

                                                               DECEMBER 31,
                                                          ---------------------
                                                            1999         1998
                                                          ---------    --------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
Leasehold improvements..................................  $  5,982     $    744
Office furniture and equipment..........................     6,413        4,064
Machinery and equipment.................................    17,404        8,228
Computer software and equipment.........................    37,794       25,445
Construction in progress................................     4,478        5,330
                                                          ---------    --------
                                                            72,071       43,811
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization..........   (24,972)     (12,211)
                                                          --------     --------
                                                          $ 47,099     $ 31,600
                                                          ========     ========
LONG-LIVED ASSETS

         The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with FASB
Statement No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of, which requires impairment losses to be
recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment
are present.


                                      F-7


<PAGE>   55

INCOME TAXES

         The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income
taxes as set forth in FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. Under
the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
enacted tax rates.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

         The Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees in accordance
with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees and has adopted the disclosure-only alternative of FASB Statement No.
123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. Options granted to non-employees,
as defined, have been accounted for at fair market value in accordance with
Statement No. 123.

EARNINGS PER SHARE

         Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income
(loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
year. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting outstanding shares,
assuming any dilutive effects of options, warrants and convertible securities.

         The following table sets forth the computation of earnings (loss) per
share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ---------------------------------------------
                                                                  1999              1998              1997
                                                                ---------         ---------         ---------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Numerator: net income (loss) ...........................        $  83,287         $  24,592         $  (5,929)
                                                                =========         =========         =========
Denominator:
  Weighted average shares outstanding ..................          204,546           180,438           131,386
  Less: nonvested common shares outstanding ............           (6,034)          (11,553)          (15,045)
                                                                ---------         ---------         ---------
Denominator for basic earnings (loss) per common share .          198,512           168,885           116,341
Effect of dilutive securities:
  Nonvested common shares ..............................            4,798             7,156                --
  Stock options ........................................           28,967            20,123                --
  Convertible preferred stock ..........................               --             8,453                --
  Warrants .............................................                8                14                --
                                                                ---------         ---------         ---------
Denominator for diluted earnings (loss) per common share          232,285           204,631           116,341
                                                                =========         =========         =========
  Basic earnings (loss) per share ......................        $     .42         $     .15         $    (.05)
                                                                =========         =========         =========
  Diluted earnings (loss) per share ....................        $     .36         $     .12         $    (.05)
                                                                =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES

         Research and development expenditures are expensed in the period
incurred.

WARRANTY

         The Company provides a one-year warranty on most products and records a
related provision for estimated warranty costs at the date of sale. The
estimated warranty liability at December 31, 1999 and 1998 was $3.7 million and
$2.0 million, respectively.

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

         FASB Statement No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income, establishes
standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components
in the consolidated financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 1999,
1998 and 1997, the Company did not have any components of comprehensive income
as defined in Statement No. 130.


                                      F-8


<PAGE>   56

SEGMENTS OF A BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

         FASB Statement No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information, establishes standards for the way that public business
enterprises report information about operating segments in annual consolidated
financial statements and requires that those enterprises report selected
information about operating segments in interim financial reports. Statement No.
131 also establishes standards for related disclosures about products and
services, geographic areas and major customers. The Company operates in one
segment, broadband communications.

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

         For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers
investment securities with original maturities of ninety days or less to be cash
equivalents.

         The following table sets forth certain non-cash transactions excluded
from the statements of cash flows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                         ----------------------------
                                                           1999       1998      1997
                                                         --------     ----     ------
                                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>      <C>
Purchase of equipment through capital leases .......     $    297     $992     $  583
Notes receivable from employees issued in
  connection with exercise of stock options ........           --      191      2,614
Non-interest bearing notes payable converted
  to common stock ..................................        3,142       --         --
Tax benefit from exercise of stock options and stock
  purchase  plan ...................................      102,450       --         --
</TABLE>

RECLASSIFICATIONS

         Certain amounts in the 1998 and 1997 consolidated financial statements
have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 1998 the FASB issued Statement No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, which establishes new standards
for recording derivatives in interim and annual financial statements. This
statement requires recording all derivative instruments as assets or
liabilities, measured at fair value. Statement No. 133 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2000. Management does not anticipate that the
adoption of the new statement will have a significant impact on the consolidated
results of operations or financial position of the Company.

2. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

Pooling-of-Interests Transactions

         On May 31, 1999 the Company completed the acquisitions of Maverick
Networks ("Maverick"), Epigram, Inc. ("Epigram"), and Armedia, Inc. ("Armedia").
Maverick develops highly integrated silicon for multi-layer switching equipment
in enterprise networks, Epigram makes advanced semiconductor products for
high-speed home networking, and Armedia is a developer of high performance
digital video decoders. In connection with the acquisitions, the Company issued
12,727,644 shares of its Class B common stock and reserved an additional
1,332,924 shares of its Class B common stock for issuance upon exercise of
outstanding employee stock options, warrants and other rights assumed by the
Company.

         On August 31, 1999 the Company completed the acquisitions of HotHaus
Technologies Inc. ("HotHaus") and AltoCom, Inc. ("AltoCom"). HotHaus is a
provider of OpenVoIP(TM) (Voice over Internet Protocol) embedded


                                      F-9

<PAGE>   57

communications software that enables transmission of digital voice, fax and data
packets over data networks, including the Internet. AltoCom offers complete
software data/fax modem implementations for general purpose embedded processors,
PC CPUs and digital signal processors. In connection with the acquisitions, the
Company issued 6,723,142 shares of its Class B common stock and reserved an
additional 516,526 shares of its Class B common stock for issuance upon exercise
of outstanding employee stock options and other rights assumed by the Company.

         Each of the acquisitions was accounted for as a pooling of interests.
Accordingly, the Company's consolidated financial statements have been restated
to include the pooled operations of Maverick, Epigram, Armedia, HotHaus, and
AltoCom (collectively, the "Acquired Companies"). A reconciliation of revenue,
net income (loss) and diluted earnings (loss) per share originally reported for
the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 to the restated amounts presented in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  ------------------------
                                                     1998          1997
                                                  ----------     --------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                       PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                               <C>            <C>
Revenue
  Broadcom (as originally reported)..........     $ 203,095      $ 36,955
  Maverick, Epigram and Armedia .............           200           913
  HotHaus and AltoCom .......................        13,161         4,473
                                                  ---------      --------
       Total ................................     $ 216,456      $ 42,341
                                                  =========      ========

Net income (loss)
  Broadcom (as originally reported)..........     $  36,398      $ (1,173)
  Maverick, Epigram and Armedia .............       (14,774)       (5,379)
  HotHaus and AltoCom .......................         2,968           623
                                                  ---------      --------
       Total ................................     $  24,592      $ (5,929)
                                                  =========      ========
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
  Broadcom (as originally reported)..........     $     .19      $   (.01)
  Maverick, Epigram and Armedia .............          (.08)         (.05)
  HotHaus and AltoCom .......................           .01           .01
                                                  ---------      --------
       Total ................................     $     .12      $   (.05)
                                                  =========      ========
</TABLE>

         The restated consolidated financial statements give effect to the
business combinations as if they had occurred prior to the beginning of each
period presented and reflect adjustments made to (i) conform the accounting
policies of the combined companies and (ii) eliminate intercompany accounts and
transactions.

         The historical numbers of shares of the Acquired Companies' respective
common stock and common stock equivalents have been converted to equivalent
shares of the Company's common stock based on the applicable exchange ratios
used to convert the respective outstanding shares of each Acquired Company on
the respective acquisition dates.

         Included in revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999 were aggregate
revenues of $8.3 million from the Acquired Companies incurred prior to the
respective closings of the acquisitions. Included in net income for the year
ended December 31, 1999 were aggregate net losses of $8.8 million from the
Acquired Companies incurred prior to the respective closings of the
acquisitions.

         AltoCom recorded approximately $6.4 million and $2.2 million in the
years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively, representing accretion to
redemption value of its preferred stock. Such amounts have been presented as
reductions to retained earnings in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of
Shareholders' Equity.

Merger-Related Costs

         In connection with the acquisitions of the Acquired Companies, the
Company recorded approximately $15.2 million in charges during the year ended
December 31, 1999 for direct and other merger-related costs and certain
restructuring programs. Merger transaction costs of approximately $11.9 million
consisted primarily of fees for


                                      F-10


<PAGE>   58

investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other related charges.
Restructuring costs of approximately $3.3 million included provisions for the
disposal of duplicative facilities and assets, write-down of unutilized assets,
and adjustments to conform accounting policies to those of the Company.

3. INVESTMENTS

         At December 31, 1999 all of the Company's investments were in
commercial paper and state, municipal and county government bonds, and were
classified as held-to-maturity. Debt securities are classified as
held-to-maturity when the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold
the securities to maturity. Held-to-maturity investments are stated at cost,
adjusted for amortization of premiums and discounts to maturity. A summary of
held-to-maturity securities by balance sheet caption at December 31, 1999 is as
follows:

                                                           GROSS          GROSS
                                AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED       FAIR
                                  COST         GAINS       LOSSES         VALUE
                                ---------   ----------   ----------     --------
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
Cash equivalents .......        $ 22,514        $3        $  --         $ 22,517
Short-term investments .          86,215         1         (185)          86,031
Long-term investments ..           9,351         -          (89)           9,262
                                --------        --        -----         --------
Securities classified as
  held-to-maturity .....        $118,080        $4        $(274)        $117,810
                                ========        ==        =====         ========

         Scheduled maturities of held-to-maturity investments at December 31,
1999 were as follows:

                                        AMORTIZED         FAIR
                                          COST            VALUE
                                        ---------       --------
                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
Debt securities maturing within:
  One year .....................        $108,729        $108,548
  Two years ....................           9,351           9,262
                                        --------        --------
                                        $118,080        $117,810
                                        ========        ========

4. INCOME TAXES

         A reconciliation of the provision (benefit) for income taxes at the
federal statutory rate compared to the Company's effective tax rate follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -----------------------------------------
                                                                1999             1998             1997
                                                              --------         --------         -------
                                                                           (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>              <C>
Statutory federal provision (benefit) for income taxes        $ 41,763         $ 15,812         $(2,069)
Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:
  State taxes, net of federal benefit ................            (174)             783              40
  Benefit of research and development tax credits ....         (14,906)          (3,640)           (229)
  Losses of acquired companies not benefited .........              --            4,326           2,041
  Tax rate differential on foreign earnings ..........           7,736            3,068              --
  Non-deductible expenses ............................           2,495               --              --
  Tax exempt interest ................................            (845)            (458)             --
  Other ..............................................             (34)             695              60
                                                              --------         --------         -------
Total provision (benefit) for income taxes ...........        $ 36,035         $ 20,586         $  (157)
                                                              ========         ========         =======
</TABLE>

                                      F-11


<PAGE>   59

         The income tax provision (benefit) consisted of the following
components:

                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                          -----------------------------------------
                             1999             1998           1997
                          ---------         --------         -----
                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
Current:
  Federal...............  $ 131,297         $ 27,182         $ 413
  State.................     23,574            5,216             1
  Foreign...............      4,379               --            --
                          ---------         --------         -----
                            159,250           32,398           414
Deferred:
  Federal...............    (99,374)          (9,169)         (631)
  State.................    (23,841)          (2,643)           60
                          ---------         --------         -----
                           (123,215)         (11,812)         (571)
                          ---------         --------         -----
                          $  36,035         $ 20,586         $(157)
                          =========         ========         =====

         Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant
components of the Company's deferred taxes were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                    --------------------------
                                                                       1999             1998
                                                                    ---------         --------
                                                                           (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                 <C>               <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Book depreciation in excess of tax depreciation ..........        $     566         $  1,376
  Research and development tax credit carryforwards ........           25,994            3,710
  Net operating loss carryforwards .........................          104,817            7,926
  Reserves and accruals not currently deductible
     for tax purposes ......................................           10,567            6,216
  California manufacturer's investment credit carryforward .            1,056              479
  Other ....................................................                9               87
  Valuation allowance ......................................           (6,889)          (6,889)
                                                                    ---------         --------
Net deferred tax assets ....................................        $ 136,120         $ 12,905
                                                                    =========         ========
</TABLE>

         At December 31, 1999 the Company had federal and state net operating
loss carryforwards of $277.1 million and $145.9 million, respectively, which
begin to expire in 2010 and 2003, respectively. These net operating losses are
primarily the result of tax deductions related to employee stock option
exercises. At December 31, 1999 the Company had federal and state research and
development credit carryforwards of $18.3 million and $12.7 million,
respectively, which begin to expire in 2010. Additionally, at December 31, 1999,
the Company had California manufacturer's investment credit carryforwards of
$1.1 million, which begin to expire in 2006.

         The Company maintains a valuation allowance against certain of its
acquired net operating losses from Epigram, Armedia and HotHaus, incurred in
1998 and 1997, due to uncertainty regarding their future realization. The
utilization of such losses is subject to stringent limitations under the
Internal Revenue Code. The Company has not provided a valuation allowance
against the remainder of its deferred tax assets as management believes these
assets will be realized against income in future years. Any future reductions in
the valuation allowance will reduce tax expense in future years.

5. LONG-TERM DEBT

         In August 1999 the Company entered into a revolving line of credit
arrangement with a bank which can be renewed annually through August 2003 and
whereby the Company may borrow up to $1.2 million at an interest rate based on
the bank's cost of funds plus 75 basis points. No amounts were borrowed under
this line of credit during the year ended December 31, 1999.


                                      F-12


<PAGE>   60

         The following is a summary of the Company's long-term debt and other
loans, including debt and loans assumed upon acquisition of the Acquired
Companies:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 -------------------------
                                                                  1999              1998
                                                                 --------         --------
                                                                       (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                              <C>              <C>
Long-term notes at rates from 10.75% to 12.25% secured by
   certain of the Company's assets ......................        $     --         $  3,512
Non-interest bearing notes payable ......................              --            6,427
Capitalized lease obligations payable in varying monthly
   installments at rates from 8.8% to 14.7% .............           1,056            1,413
                                                                 --------         --------
                                                                    1,056           11,352
Less current portion of long-term debt ..................            (508)          (7,252)
                                                                 --------         --------
                                                                 $    548         $  4,100
                                                                 ========         ========
</TABLE>

         Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997
was $546,000, $467,000, and $261,000, respectively.

6. COMMITMENTS

         The Company leases its facilities and certain engineering design tools
and information systems equipment under operating lease agreements expiring
through 2005. Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases with
initial terms of one year or more were as follows: $30.3 million in 2000; $28.9
million in 2001; $23.5 million in 2002; $8.3 million in 2003; $4.5 million in
2004; and $4.2 million thereafter.

         The Company had commitments totaling approximately $4.0 million as of
December 31, 1999 primarily for the purchase of engineering design tools and
computer hardware and for information systems infrastructure.

         Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997
aggregated $6.1 million, $2.9 million and $1.1 million, respectively.

7. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

COMMON STOCK

         In September 1999 the Board of Directors approved an increase in the
number of authorized shares of Class A common stock from 200,000,000 to
400,000,000 and in the number of authorized shares of Class B common stock from
100,000,000 to 200,000,000. This increase was approved by the shareholders on
November 22, 1999. The shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
are substantially identical, except that holders of Class A common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share held, and holders of Class B common stock
are entitled to ten votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote
of the shareholders. In addition, holders of Class B common stock are entitled
to vote separately on the proposed issuance of additional shares of Class B
common stock in certain circumstances. The Class A common stock and Class B
common stock are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "common
stock."

STOCK SPLIT

         The Company effected a 2-for-1 split of its Class A common stock and
Class B common stock, in the form of a 100% stock dividend, on February 17,
1999. The Company previously effected a 3-for-2 split of its common stock on
March 9, 1998. All share numbers and per share amounts contained in these notes
and in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
retroactively restated to reflect these changes in the Company's capital
structure.

SALE OF SHARES TO CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.

         In February 1998 Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco Systems") exercised its
option to purchase 2,000,000 shares of Class A common stock upon consummation of
the Company's initial public offering at a price per share equal to the initial
public offering price, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. Such
option was granted to Cisco Systems in connection with the Development and
License Agreement entered into between the Company and Cisco Systems effective
in September 1996, as amended on February 3, 1998.


                                      F-13


<PAGE>   61

INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING AND FOLLOW-ON OFFERING

         In April 1998 the Company completed its initial public offering (the
"Offering") of 16,100,000 shares of its Class A common stock. Of these shares,
the Company sold 12,480,000 shares and selling shareholders sold 3,620,000
shares, at a price of $6.00 per share. In addition, the Company sold 2,000,000
shares of Class A common stock to Cisco Systems, in a concurrent registered
offering that was not underwritten, at a price of $5.58 per share. The Company
received aggregate net proceeds from the Offering and the sale of shares to
Cisco Systems of approximately $79.2 million in cash (net of underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering costs). Upon consummation of the
Offering, all outstanding shares of the Company's convertible preferred stock
were automatically converted into an aggregate of 33,814,068 shares of Class B
common stock.

         In October 1998 the Company completed a follow-on public offering. Of
the 13,800,000 shares of Class A common stock offered, the Company sold
1,880,000 shares and selling shareholders sold 11,920,000 shares, at a price of
$17.25 per share. The Company received net aggregate proceeds of approximately
$30.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and
offering costs.

CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

         Upon consummation of the Offering in April 1998, each outstanding share
of Series A, B, C and D preferred stock was converted into twelve shares of
Class B common stock, and each outstanding share of Series E preferred stock was
converted into six shares of Class B common stock. As of December 31, 1999 and
1998, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. The Company is authorized
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

ISSUANCE OF WARRANTS

         In April 1998 the Company issued a Class A common stock Purchase
Warrant (the "Warrant") to Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, counsel to the
Company, to purchase up to 40,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock
at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. In May 1999 Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison
LLP exercised the Warrant, which resulted in the net issuance of 34,184 shares
of Class A common stock.

EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

         The Company has an employee stock purchase plan for all eligible
employees. Under the plan, employees may purchase shares of the Company's Class
A common stock at six-month intervals at 85% of fair market value (calculated in
the manner provided under the plan). Employees purchase such stock using payroll
deductions, which may not exceed 15% of their total cash compensation. In fiscal
1999 and 1998, 737,088 and 338,256 shares, respectively, were issued under the
plan at average prices of $6.81 and $5.10, respectively. At December 31, 1999,
1,924,656 shares were available for future issuance.

STOCK OPTION PLANS

         The Company has in effect several stock-based plans under which
non-qualified and incentive stock options have been granted to employees,
non-employee board members and other non-employees. The Company's 1998 Stock
Incentive Plan (the "1998 Plan") is the successor equity incentive program to
the Company's 1994 Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Plan") and the Company's 1998
Special Stock Option Plan (together, the "Predecessor Plans").

         The Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator determines
eligibility, vesting schedules and exercise prices for options granted under the
plans. Options generally have a term of 10 years and vest and become exercisable
at the rate of 25% after one year and ratably on a monthly basis for three years
thereafter.

         Options granted under the 1994 Plan were exercisable immediately upon
issuance. The Company has reserved the right to repurchase all unvested shares
held by a participant upon the participant's termination, at the original


                                      F-14

<PAGE>   62

purchase price. At December 31, 1999 there were 10,858,342 unvested options
outstanding under the 1994 Plan that were exercisable.

         At the discretion of the Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator,
the Company may make secured loans to option holders in amounts up to the
exercise price of their options plus related taxes or permit the option holder
to pay the exercise price in installments over a determined period. The Company
did not make any loans to option holders during 1999. During 1998 and 1997, the
Company loaned $191,000 and $2,614,000, respectively, to employees for the
exercise of options. These notes are full-recourse, are secured by the shares of
stock issued upon exercise, are interest bearing with rates ranging from 5.6% to
6.5%, are due between three and five years from the exercise date, and must be
ratably repaid upon sale of the issued shares of stock.

         As of December 31, 1999, 74,044,490 shares of common stock were
reserved for issuance under the 1998 Plan, including outstanding options granted
under Predecessor Plans. The number of shares of Class A common stock reserved
for issuance under the 1998 Plan automatically increases in January each year.
Beginning in 2000, the increase will be equal to 4.5% of the total number of
shares of common stock outstanding on the last trading day of the preceding
year, subject to an annual share limit.

         In October 1999 the Board of Directors approved the 1999 Special Stock
Option Plan (the "1999 Plan") and reserved an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of
Class A common stock for issuance under that plan. Employees, independent
consultants and advisors in the service of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries who are neither officers of the Company nor members of the Board at
the time of the option grant are eligible to participate in the plan. The
exercise price of options granted under the 1999 Plan can be less than the fair
market value of the underlying common stock on the grant date. In 1999, 40,542
options were granted under the 1999 Plan, to certain employees of acquired
companies in connection with assumed employment agreements, at a
weighted-average exercise price of $2.84. The 1998 Plan, 1999 Plan and
Predecessor Plans are collectively referred to herein as the "Broadcom Plans."

         As a result of the Company's acquisitions of Maverick, Epigram,
Armedia, HotHaus and AltoCom, the Company assumed stock options granted under
stock option plans established by each Acquired Company (collectively, the
"Acquired Company Plans"). In accordance with its general practice, the Company
also granted options under the Broadcom Plans to employees hired from the
Acquired Companies. As of December 31, 1999, 1,307,674 shares of Class B common
stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options assumed
under the Acquired Company Plans.


                                      F-15

<PAGE>   63

COMBINED OPTION PLAN ACTIVITY

         Activity under the Broadcom Plans and the Acquired Company Plans during
1999, 1998 and 1997 is set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
                                                  --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                  WEIGHTED
                                                     SHARES                                       AVERAGE
                                                   AVAILABLE       NUMBER OF          PRICE       EXERCISE
                                                   FOR GRANT         SHARES         PER SHARE      PRICE
                                                  -----------     -----------     -------------    ------
<S>                                                 <C>             <C>           <C>              <C>
Balance at December 31, 1996 .................      5,733,000       8,304,554     $ .02-$   .28    $  .21
  Additional shares reserved .................     38,400,000              --                --        --
  Options granted under Broadcom Plans .......    (21,321,600)     21,321,600       .29-   2.00       .63
  Options granted under Acquired Company Plans             --       1,562,210       .02-   6.96       .26
  Options canceled ...........................         44,244         (69,458)      .08-    .29       .15
  Options exercised ..........................             --      (9,009,168)      .02-   2.00       .42
                                                  -----------     -----------     -------------    ------
Balance at December 31, 1997 .................     22,855,644      22,109,738       .02-   6.96       .54
  Additional shares reserved .................     20,000,000              --                --        --
  Options granted under Broadcom Plans .......    (27,788,700)     27,788,700      2.50-  30.19     11.34
  Options granted under Acquired Company Plans             --       1,551,350       .02-  10.44       .93
  Options canceled ...........................      1,586,300      (1,602,792)      .08-  12.25      1.89
  Option shares repurchased ..................         12,000              --                --        --
  Options exercised ..........................             --      (3,947,302)      .02-  15.53       .61
                                                  -----------     -----------     -------------    ------
Balance at December 31, 1998 .................     16,665,244      45,899,694       .02-  30.19      7.03
  Additional shares reserved .................     22,619,168              --                --        --
  Options granted under Broadcom Plans .......    (23,015,952)     23,015,952      2.80- 122.84     52.31
  Options granted under Acquired Company Plans             --         502,558       .02-  49.76      8.11
  Options canceled ...........................        504,086        (524,546)      .02-  89.53     25.39
  Option shares repurchased ..................          2,750              --                --        --
  Options exercised ..........................             --      (9,316,790)      .02-  54.50      2.67
                                                  -----------     -----------     -------------    ------
Balance at December 31, 1999 .................     16,775,296      59,576,868     $ .02-$122.84    $25.05
                                                  ===========     ===========     =============    ======
</TABLE>

         The weighted average remaining contractual life and weighted average
exercise price of options outstanding and of options exercisable as of December
31, 1999 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              OUTSTANDING
                               ------------------------------------------------
                                             WEIGHTED AVERAGE                                EXERCISABLE
                                                  REMAINING                         -------------------------------
            RANGE OF           NUMBER OF     CONTRACTUAL LIFE    WEIGHTED AVERAGE     SHARES       WEIGHTED AVERAGE
         EXERCISE PRICES        SHARES            (YEARS)        EXERCISE PRICE     EXERCISABLE     EXERCISE PRICE
      --------------------     ----------    ----------------    ----------------   -----------    ---------------
<S>                            <C>           <C>                 <C>                <C>            <C>
      $   .02 to $     .28      6,792,488          7.07               $  .26         6,792,488          $   .26
      $   .31 to $    2.50     15,032,796          8.04               $ 1.74         8,355,234          $  1.23
      $  2.80 to $   20.45     12,982,032          8.73               $17.10         1,473,114          $ 10.76
      $ 20.73 to $   46.53     13,354,444          9.27               $38.04           867,204          $ 33.40
      $ 46.78 to $  122.84     11,415,108          9.75               $64.32            98,298          $ 53.00
</TABLE>

         Additional information relating to the Broadcom Plans and the Acquired
Company Plans was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                 --------------------------------------
                                                    1999          1998          1997
                                                 ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>          <C>
Nonvested common shares subject to repurchase     3,962,528     9,045,838    16,399,550
Weighted average repurchase price ...........          $.53          $.35          $.25
Unvested options outstanding ................    52,848,872    42,458,970    20,334,650
Vested options outstanding ..................     6,727,996     3,440,724     1,775,088
Total reserved common stock shares for
  stock option plans ........................    76,352,164    62,564,938    44,965,382
</TABLE>

         The Company recorded approximately $5.0 million and $7.6 million of net
deferred compensation in the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998,
respectively, for the difference between the exercise price of certain stock


                                      F-16


<PAGE>   64

options granted and the fair value of the underlying common stock. Of these
amounts, approximately $5.0 million in 1999 and $2.3 million in 1998 represent
deferred compensation related to the grant of stock options to certain employees
of the Acquired Companies. Deferred compensation is presented as a reduction to
shareholders' equity and is amortized ratably over the respective vesting
periods of the applicable options. The Company amortized an aggregate of $3.8
million and $1.8 million of deferred compensation in 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

PRO FORMA DISCLOSURES OF THE EFFECT OF STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS

         Pro forma information regarding results of operations and net income
(loss) per share is required by FASB Statement No. 123 for stock-based awards to
employees as if the Company had accounted for such awards using a valuation
method permitted under Statement No. 123.

         The value of the Company's stock-based awards granted to employees
prior to the Company's initial public offering in April 1998 was estimated using
the minimum value method, which does not consider stock price volatility.
Stock-based awards granted subsequent to the initial public offering have been
valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Among other things, the
Black-Scholes model considers the expected volatility of the Company's stock
price, determined in accordance with Statement No. 123, in arriving at an option
valuation. Estimates and other assumptions necessary to apply the Black-Scholes
model may differ significantly from assumptions used in calculating the value of
options granted prior to the initial public offering under the minimum value
method.

         The fair value of the Company's stock-based awards granted to employees
prior to the initial public offering was estimated assuming no expected
dividends, a weighted average expected life of 3.5 years, a weighted average
risk-free interest rate of 6.0% and no expected volatility. The fair value of
options granted after the initial public offering was estimated assuming no
expected dividends, a weighted average expected life of one year from vest date
in 1999 and 1.5 years from vest date in 1998, a weighted average risk-free
interest rate of 6.0% in 1999 and 5.0% in 1998, and an expected volatility of
 .80 in 1999 and .74 in 1998. The fair value of employee stock purchase rights
was estimated assuming no expected dividends, a weighted average expected life
of 17 months in 1999 and 15 months in 1998, a weighted average risk-free
interest rate of 6.0% in 1999 and 5.0% in 1998, and an expected volatility of
 .80 in 1999 and .74 in 1998.

         The weighted average fair value of options granted during 1999, 1998
and 1997 was $31.35, $6.26 and $.18, respectively. The weighted average fair
value of employee stock purchase rights granted in 1999 and 1998 was $4.60 and
$3.08, respectively. For pro forma purposes, the estimated value of the
Company's stock-based awards to employees is amortized over the vesting period
of the underlying instruments. The results of applying Statement No. 123 to the
Company's stock-based awards to employees would approximate the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ----------------------------------
                                                   1999         1998        1997
                                                ---------      -------    --------
                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                             <C>            <C>        <C>
Net income (loss)
   As reported.............................     $  83,287      $24,592    $(5,929)
   Pro forma...............................      (105,566)       7,263     (6,548)
Basic earnings (loss) per share
   As reported.............................     $     .42       $  .15    $  (.05)
   Pro forma...............................          (.53)         .04       (.06)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
   As reported.............................     $     .36       $  .12    $  (.05)
   Pro forma...............................          (.53)         .04       (.06)
</TABLE>


                                      F-17


<PAGE>   65

8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

         The Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) Savings and
Investment Plan, which was established in 1996, covering substantially all of
the Company's employees, subject to certain eligibility requirements. At its
discretion, the Company may make contributions to the plan. The Company made no
contributions to this plan in 1999, 1998 and 1997.

9. LITIGATION

         In December 1996 Stanford Telecommunications, Inc. ("STI") filed an
action against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. STI alleged that several of the Company's cable modem
products infringed one of STI's patents. In May 1999 the Company brought a
separate action against STI and an STI subsidiary in California Superior Court
for misappropriation of certain Company trade secrets. In June 1999 the parties
entered into a settlement agreement and agreed to dismiss with prejudice all
claims and counterclaims in both actions. Under the terms of the settlement
agreement, STI granted to the Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free
license to STI's rights in patents and patent applications, and all inventions
conceived, through the date of the agreement, relating to any transmitter or
receiver technology, or design or invention capable of use over a coaxial cable
transmission medium, excluding patent claims specifically claiming Code Division
Multiple Access ("CDMA") inventions. The Company also obtained the option to
acquire licenses on commercially reasonable terms to STI's patent claims based
upon CDMA inventions capable of use over a coaxial cable transmission medium,
and STI agreed not to bring any future action against the Company, its suppliers
or customers for patent infringement or trade secret misappropriation resulting
from commercial use of any of the Company's existing technology, designs or
products. In connection with the settlement, the Company made a one-time payment
to STI and the parties exchanged mutual releases. Neither party admitted any
liability in connection with the various actions.

         In April 1997 Sarnoff Corporation and Sarnoff Digital Communications,
Inc., now known as NxtWave Communications, Inc., (collectively, "Sarnoff") filed
a complaint in New Jersey Superior Court against the Company and five former
Sarnoff employees now employed by the Company asserting claims against the
former employees for breach of contract, misappropriation of trade secrets, and
breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and against the Company
for inducing such actions. The complaint also asserted claims against the
Company and the former employees for unfair competition, misappropriation and
misuse of trade secrets and confidential, proprietary information of Sarnoff,
and tortious interference with present and prospective economic advantage, as
well as a claim against the Company alleging that it "illegally pirated"
Sarnoff's employees. In early 1999 the Court found in the Company's favor on all
liability, causation and damages issues. Sarnoff appealed the Court's orders but
the appeal was later dismissed at Sarnoff's request.

         In July 1997 the Company commenced an action against Sarnoff in the
California Superior Court alleging breach of contract, fraud, misappropriation
of trade secrets, false advertising, trade libel, intentional interference with
prospective economic advantage and unfair competition. The claims center on
Sarnoff's violation of a non-disclosure agreement entered into with the Company
with respect to limited use of certain of the Company's technology and on
inaccurate comparisons that the Company believes Sarnoff has made in its product
advertising and in statements to potential customers and others. This action was
removed to the United States District Court for the Central District of
California, and was stayed pending resolution of the New Jersey action described
in the preceding paragraph. Following the decision in the New Jersey action,
Sarnoff filed a motion for summary judgment in the California case on the basis
that the issues therein had been or should have been previously litigated in the
New Jersey action under the New Jersey "entire controversy" doctrine. Following
oral argument in August 1999, the California District Court granted Sarnoff's
motion and dismissed the Company's claims on the grounds that they should have
been brought as part of the New Jersey action. The Company believes that the
California action involves facts, circumstances and claims unrelated to those at
issue in the New Jersey action, and has filed an appeal of the District Court's
ruling. No discovery has yet occurred in the case.

         In March 1998 Scott O. Davis, the Company's former Chief Financial
Officer, filed a complaint in California Superior Court against the Company and
its Chief Executive Officer, Henry T. Nicholas III, alleging claims for fraud
and deceit, negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary
duty, constructive fraud, conversion, breach of the implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, and declaratory relief. The claims related


                                      F-18


<PAGE>   66

to Mr. Davis' alleged ownership of 26,000 shares of Series D preferred stock
originally purchased by Mr. Davis in March 1996 (which shares would have
converted into 312,000 shares of Class B common stock upon consummation of the
Offering). The purchase agreement between the Company and Mr. Davis contained a
provision permitting the Company to repurchase the shares in the event that Mr.
Davis did not continue to be employed by the Company for a certain period of
time. After Mr. Davis resigned in June 1997, the Company exercised its
repurchase right. Mr. Davis' complaint alleged that the repurchase right should
not be enforceable under several legal theories and sought unspecified damages
and declaratory relief. The Company asserted certain counterclaims against Mr.
Davis. In March 1999 the parties entered into a settlement agreement and agreed
to dismiss with prejudice all of the claims and counterclaims in the case. The
settlement was approved by the Court in April 1999. The terms of the settlement
are confidential but the Company believes that they do not have a material
effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition or equity.

         In September 1998 Motorola, Inc. ("Motorola") filed a complaint in
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts against AltoCom
(and co-defendant, PC-Tel, Inc.), asserting that (i) AltoCom's V.34 and V.90
compliant software modem technology infringes several patents owned by Motorola,
(ii) AltoCom induces its V.34 and V.90 licensees to infringe such patents, and
(iii) AltoCom contributorily infringes such patents. The complaint sought a
preliminary and permanent injunction against AltoCom as well as the recovery of
monetary damages, including treble damages for willful infringement. In October
1998 Motorola affirmatively dismissed its case in the District of Massachusetts
and filed a substantially similar complaint in the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware. AltoCom has filed an answer and affirmative
defenses to the District of Delaware complaint. AltoCom has also asserted a
counterclaim requesting declaratory relief that AltoCom has not infringed the
Motorola patents and that such patents are invalid and/or unenforceable as well
as a counterclaim requesting declaratory and injunctive relief based on breach
of contract theory. AltoCom believes that it has strong defenses to Motorola's
claims on invalidity, noninfringement and inequitable conduct grounds. The
parties are currently engaged in discovery in the action. A hearing on patent
claims construction is scheduled to commence in June 2000 and a three-week trial
is scheduled to begin in February 2001. AltoCom became a subsidiary of the
Company on August 31, 1999. In September 1999 PC-Tel, Inc., the co-defendant in
the case, reached a settlement with Motorola.

         Although AltoCom believes that it has strong defenses and is defending
the action vigorously, a finding of infringement by AltoCom as to at least one
of the patents in this action could lead to liability for monetary damages
(which could be trebled in the event that the infringement were found to have
been willful), the issuance of an injunction requiring that AltoCom withdraw
various products from the market, and indemnification claims by AltoCom's
customers or strategic partners, each of which events could have a material
adverse effect on AltoCom's, and possibly the Company's, business, results of
operations and financial condition.

         The Company is also involved in other legal proceedings, claims and
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.

         The Company's pending lawsuits involve complex questions of fact and
law and could require the expenditure of significant costs and diversion of
resources to defend. Although management currently believes the outcome of the
Company's outstanding legal proceedings, claims and litigation will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or
financial condition, the results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and an
adverse outcome is at least reasonably possible. The Company is unable to
estimate the range of possible loss from outstanding litigation, and no amounts
have been provided for such matters in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

10. SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER AND SUPPLIER INFORMATION

         During 1999, 1998 and 1997, the Company had a total of three customers
whose revenue represented a significant portion of the Company's revenue in
certain or all years. Revenue from one customer represented approximately 27.5%
in 1999, 35.5% in 1998 and 27.9% in 1997 of the Company's revenue for the
respective year. Revenue from a second customer was approximately 18.1% in 1999,
26.8% in 1998 and 12.8% in 1997 of the Company's revenue for the respective
year. Revenue from a third customer accounted for approximately 10.6% of the
Company's revenue in 1999.

         No other customer represented more than 10% of the Company's annual
revenue in these years.


                                      F-19


<PAGE>   67

         Export revenue to all foreign customers as a percent of total revenue
was as follows:

                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                              ---------------------------
                                              1999       1998        1997
                                              ----       ----        ----
Europe......................................   5.4%       4.4%        6.3%
Asia........................................  11.7        7.3         8.9
Other.......................................   0.1        5.5         4.4
                                              ----       ----        ----
                                              17.2%      17.2%       19.6%
                                              ====       ====        ====

         The Company does not own or operate a fabrication facility. Two outside
foundries in Asia currently supply substantially all of the Company's
semiconductor devices in current production. Any sudden demand for an increased
amount of semiconductor devices or sudden reduction or elimination of any
existing source or sources of semiconductor devices could result in a material
delay in the shipment of the Company's products. In addition, substantially all
of the Company's products are assembled and tested by one of two third-party
subcontractors in Asia. The Company does not have long-term agreements with any
of these suppliers. Any problems associated with the fabrication facilities or
the delivery, quality or cost of the Company's products could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial
condition.

11. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK

         Pursuant to an agreement dated as of October 31, 1997, the Company
issued and sold an aggregate of 900,000 shares of Class B common stock to Irell
& Manella LLP for an aggregate purchase price of $1.1 million. Werner F. Wolfen,
a director of the Company, served until December 31, 1998 as a Senior Partner of
Irell & Manella LLP, and currently is Senior Partner Emeritus of that firm.
David A. Dull, the Company's Vice President of Business Affairs, General Counsel
and Secretary, was a Partner of Irell & Manella LLP until March 1998. Irell &
Manella LLP has represented and continues to represent the Company in various
legal matters.

ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT WITH IRELL & MANELLA LLP

         Irell & Manella LLP has represented and continues to represent the
Company in various legal matters pursuant to an engagement agreement dated as of
January 1, 1997, and amended as of January 1, 1998. Under the engagement
agreement, the Company agreed to pay Irell & Manella LLP a fixed fee plus costs
for the firm's legal services rendered from and after January 1, 1998 with
respect to certain litigation matters. Irell & Manella LLP has agreed to render
legal services to the Company on most other matters at reduced rates from the
firm's standard rates for the two-year period commencing January 1, 1998. During
1999, 1998 and 1997, the Company paid approximately $2.0 million, $2.9 million
and $1.2 million, respectively, to Irell & Manella LLP for legal services
rendered by that firm. At December 31, 1999, approximately $869,000 was due to
Irell & Manella LLP.

12. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

         We have prepared the following summarized unaudited quarterly financial
data using the consolidated financial statements of Broadcom, which have been
restated to include the operations of Maverick, Epigram, Armedia, HotHaus, and
AltoCom, on a pooling-of-interests basis as if they had combined with Broadcom
prior to the beginning of each period presented:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  DILUTED
                                                        GROSS          NET       EARNINGS
                                         REVENUE       PROFIT        INCOME      PER SHARE
                                         --------       -------       -------    ---------
                                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
FISCAL YEAR 1999

First Quarter.......................     $ 99,980       $59,165       $16,494       $.07
Second Quarter......................      119,027        71,298         2,723        .01
Third Quarter.......................      138,353        82,835        27,200        .12
Fourth Quarter......................      160,823        95,048        36,870        .15

FISCAL YEAR 1998

First Quarter.......................      $37,120       $23,037        $5,310       $.03
Second Quarter......................       49,244        27,817         6,096        .03
Third Quarter.......................       55,474        30,576         5,172        .02
Fourth Quarter......................       74,618        43,623         8,014        .04
</TABLE>


                                      F-20

<PAGE>   68

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

STOCK SPLIT

         In January 2000 the Board of Directors approved a 2-for-1 split of the
Company's common stock, effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend. Holders
of the Company's Class A common stock received one additional share of Class A
common stock for each share held on the record date of January 31, 2000. The
additional shares were distributed on February 11, 2000. A comparable stock
dividend was distributed to holders of the Company's Class B common stock. All
share and per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been retroactively restated to reflect this change in the
Company's capital structure.

INCREASES IN AUTHORIZED COMMON STOCK AND IN COMMON STOCK RESERVED FOR STOCK
OPTIONS

         In January 2000 the Board of Directors approved an increase in the
number of authorized shares of Class A common stock from 400,000,000 to
800,000,000 and in the number of authorized shares of Class B common stock from
200,000,000 to 400,000,000. In February 2000 the Board of Directors approved an
amendment to the Company's 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, to increase
the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under this
plan by an additional 15,000,000 shares. These matters will be submitted to a
vote of the shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ACQUISITIONS

         On February 29 and March 1, 2000 the Company completed the acquisitions
of Digital Furnace Corporation, BlueSteel Networks, Inc., and Stellar
Semiconductor, Inc. Digital Furnace develops communications algorithms and
software that increase the capacity of existing broadband networks for
interactive services, BlueSteel develops high-performance Internet security
processors for e-commerce and VPN (Virtual Private Network) applications, and
Stellar develops 3D graphics technology.

         The Company issued in aggregate 2,015,307 shares of its Class B common
stock in exchange for all shares of the acquired companies' preferred stock and
common stock and reserved an additional 330,294 shares of its Class B common
stock for issuance upon exercise of employee stock options and other rights
assumed by the Company. These merger transactions will be accounted for as
poolings-of-interests, and the Company will take a charge for merger-related
expenses in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2000. The Company's consolidated
financial statements presented in the future will be restated to include the
financial position and results of operations of the acquired companies.

LITIGATION

         On March 8, 2000 Intel Corporation and its subsidiary Level One
Communications, Inc. (collectively, "Intel") filed a complaint in California
Superior Court asserting claims against the Company for misappropriation of
trade secrets, unfair competition and tortious interference with existing
contractual relations by the Company in connection with its recent hiring of
three former Intel employees. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, damages,
exemplary damages and attorneys' fees. The litigation is in its early stages. A
preliminary injunction hearing is currently scheduled for April 28, 2000. The
Company has asserted and believes that Intel's claims are meritless and is
vigorously defending the action.


                                      F-21
<PAGE>   69

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         The following Exhibits are attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference.

  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
  -------                            -----------
    2.1 (8)       Strategic Alliance Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between
                  Broadcom Corporation, Mavnet Acquisition Corp. and Maverick
                  Networks.

    2.2 (5)       Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among
                  Broadcom Corporation, Epic Acquisition Corp. and Epigram, Inc.

    2.3 (6)       Acquisition Agreement by and among Broadcom Corporation,
                  Broadcom (BVI) Limited, HH Acquisition (formerly 585573 B.C.
                  LTD.), HH Acquisition II (formerly 3030814 Nova Scotia ULC)
                  and HotHaus Technologies Inc.

    3.1 (1)       Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
                  Registrant.

    3.2           Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended through February 29,
                  2000.

   10.1 (1)       Form of Indemnification Agreement for the Directors and
                  Officers of the Registrant.

   10.3 (1)       1994 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, together with
                  form of Stock Option Agreement, form of Stock Purchase
                  Agreement, form of promissory note and form of stock pledge
                  agreement.

   10.4 (3)       1998 Stock Incentive Plan, together with forms of Stock Option
                  Agreements, Notice of Grant, Stock Issuance Agreement, Stock
                  Purchase Agreement and related Addenda.

   10.4.1 (7)     1998 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through
                  February 29, 2000.

   10.5 (4)       1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, form of ESPP Stock Purchase
                  Agreement and Enrollment/Change Form.

   10.8+ (1)      Development, Supply and License Agreement dated September 29,
                  1997 between the Registrant and General Instrument
                  Corporation, formerly known as NextLevel Systems, Inc.

   10.9 (1)       Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 1998 between the
                  Registrant and Cisco Systems, Inc.

   10.10 (1)      Registration Rights Agreement dated February 26, 1996 among
                  the Registrant and certain of its shareholders, as amended.

   10.12 (1)      1998 Special Stock Option Plan, together with form of Stock
                  Option Agreement and form of Stock Purchase Agreement.

   10.13 (1)      Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 1997 between the
                  Registrant and Irell & Manella LLP.

   10.14+ (1)     Engagement Agreement dated January 1, 1997, as amended,
                  between the Registrant and Irell & Manella LLP.

   10.15 (2)      Industrial Lease (Single Tenant; Net) dated August 7, 1998
                  between the Registrant and The Irvine Company.

   11.1           Statement Regarding Computation of Earnings Per Share
                  (contained in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
                  Statements).

   21.1           Subsidiaries of the Company.

   23.1           Consent of Independent Auditors.

   27.1           Financial Data Schedule.

   27.2           Restated 1998 and 1997 Financial Data Schedule.
- ----------

     (1)  Incorporated by reference to the similarly numbered exhibit to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-45619).

     (2)  Incorporated by reference to the similarly numbered exhibit to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-65117).
<PAGE>   70

     (3)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 through 99.11 to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-60763).

     (4)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.12 through 99.14 to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-60763).

     (5)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999.

     (6)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999.

     (7)  Incorporated by reference to the Appendix to the definitive Proxy
          Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
          April 27, 2000, filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2000.

     (8)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.

    +    Confidential treatment has previously been granted by the Commission
         for certain portions of the referenced exhibit pursuant to Rule 406.

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         (1)  Report of Independent Auditors on Financial Statement Schedule S-1

         (2)  Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts               S-2

         Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information
required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto.


<PAGE>   71

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Irvine,
State of California, on March 30, 2000.

                                       BROADCOM CORPORATION


                                       By: /s/ Henry T. Nicholas III
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Henry T. Nicholas III, Ph.D.
                                           President, Chief Executive Officer
                                           and Co-Chairman

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

         We, the undersigned officers and directors of Broadcom Corporation, do
hereby constitute and appoint Henry T. Nicholas III, Ph.D., and William J.
Ruehle, and each of them, our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each
with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name,
place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to
this Report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in
and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby, ratifying and confirming all that each of said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do
or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                                  Title                                              Date
- ---------                                  -----                                              ----
<S>                                        <C>                                                <C>
                                           President, Chief Executive Officer and             March 30, 2000
/s/ Henry T. Nicholas III                  Co-Chairman  (principal executive officer)
- -----------------------------------------
Henry T. Nicholas III, Ph.D.


/s/ Henry Samueli                          Vice President of Research & Development,          March 30, 2000
- -----------------------------------------  Chief Technical Officer  and Co-Chairman
Henry Samueli, Ph.D.


/s/ Myron S. Eichen                        Director                                           March 30, 2000
- -----------------------------------------
Myron S. Eichen


/s/ Alan E. Ross                           Director                                           March 30, 2000
- -----------------------------------------
Alan E. Ross


/s/ Werner F. Wolfen                       Director                                           March 30, 2000
- -----------------------------------------
Werner F. Wolfen


/s/ William J. Ruehle                      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer         March 30, 2000
- -----------------------------------------  (principal accounting officer)
William J. Ruehle
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   72

         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


Board of Directors and Shareholders
Broadcom Corporation

         We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Broadcom
Corporation as of December 31, 1999 and 1998, and for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1999, and have issued our report thereon dated
January 18, 2000 (except for Note 13, as to which the date is March 8, 2000).
Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in Item 14(a).
This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.

         In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above,
when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects the information set forth therein.


                                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


Orange County, California
January 18, 2000



                                       S-1


<PAGE>   73

          SCHEDULE II - CONSOLIDATED VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


                              BROADCOM CORPORATION
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    BALANCE AT   CHARGED TO   CHARGED TO                BALANCE AT
                                                   BEGINNING OF   COSTS AND     OTHER                     END OF
DESCRIPTION                                          PERIOD       EXPENSES     ACCOUNTS    DEDUCTIONS     PERIOD
- -----------                                        ------------  ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>
Year ended December 31, 1999:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and sales
       returns and allowances ................       $ 5,167       $ 7,973       $  --       $5,467       $ 7,673
     Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory         4,783           233          --        1,741         3,275
  Reserve for warranty .......................         2,022         1,856          --          217         3,661
                                                     -------       -------       -----       ------       -------
          Total ..............................       $11,972       $10,062       $  --       $7,425       $14,609
                                                     =======       =======       =====       ======       =======
Year ended December 31, 1998:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and sales
        returns and allowances ...............       $   721       $ 7,923       $  --       $3,477       $ 5,167
     Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory         1,686         4,154          --        1,057         4,783
  Reserve for warranty .......................           150         1,872          --           --         2,022
                                                     -------       -------       -----       ------       -------
          Total ..............................       $ 2,557       $13,949       $  --       $4,534       $11,972
                                                     =======       =======       =====       ======       =======
Year ended December 31, 1997:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts and sales
       returns and allowances ................       $   147       $   574       $  --       $   --       $   721
     Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory           749         1,028          --           91         1,686
  Reserve for warranty .......................            --           150          --           --           150
                                                     -------       -------       -----       ------       -------
          Total ..............................       $   896       $ 1,752       $  --       $   91       $ 2,557
                                                     =======       =======       =====       ======       =======
</TABLE>


                                      S-2

<PAGE>   74

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
  -------                            -----------
    2.1 (8)       Strategic Alliance Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between
                  Broadcom Corporation, Mavnet Acquisition Corp. and Maverick
                  Networks.

    2.2 (5)       Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among
                  Broadcom Corporation, Epic Acquisition Corp. and Epigram, Inc.

    2.3 (6)       Acquisition Agreement by and among Broadcom Corporation,
                  Broadcom (BVI) Limited, HH Acquisition (formerly 585573 B.C.
                  LTD.), HH Acquisition II (formerly 3030814 Nova Scotia ULC)
                  and HotHaus Technologies Inc.

    3.1 (1)       Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
                  Registrant.

    3.2           Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended through February 29,
                  2000.

   10.1 (1)       Form of Indemnification Agreement for the Directors and
                  Officers of the Registrant.

   10.3 (1)       1994 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, together with
                  form of Stock Option Agreement, form of Stock Purchase
                  Agreement, form of promissory note and form of stock pledge
                  agreement.

   10.4 (3)       1998 Stock Incentive Plan, together with forms of Stock Option
                  Agreements, Notice of Grant, Stock Issuance Agreement, Stock
                  Purchase Agreement and related Addenda.

   10.4.1 (7)     1998 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through
                  February 29, 2000.

   10.5 (4)       1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, form of ESPP Stock Purchase
                  Agreement and Enrollment/Change Form.

   10.8+ (1)      Development, Supply and License Agreement dated September 29,
                  1997 between the Registrant and General Instrument
                  Corporation, formerly known as NextLevel Systems, Inc.

   10.9 (1)       Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 3, 1998 between the
                  Registrant and Cisco Systems, Inc.

   10.10 (1)      Registration Rights Agreement dated February 26, 1996 among
                  the Registrant and certain of its shareholders, as amended.

   10.12 (1)      1998 Special Stock Option Plan, together with form of Stock
                  Option Agreement and form of Stock Purchase Agreement.

   10.13 (1)      Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 31, 1997 between the
                  Registrant and Irell & Manella LLP.

   10.14+ (1)     Engagement Agreement dated January 1, 1997, as amended,
                  between the Registrant and Irell & Manella LLP.

   10.15 (2)      Industrial Lease (Single Tenant; Net) dated August 7, 1998
                  between the Registrant and The Irvine Company.

   11.1           Statement Regarding Computation of Earnings Per Share
                  (contained in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
                  Statements).

   21.1           Subsidiaries of the Company.

   23.1           Consent of Independent Auditors.

   27.1           Financial Data Schedule.

   27.2           Restated 1998 and 1997 Financial Data Schedule.
- ----------

     (1)  Incorporated by reference to the similarly numbered exhibit to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-45619).

     (2)  Incorporated by reference to the similarly numbered exhibit to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-65117).
<PAGE>   75

     (3)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1 through 99.11 to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-60763).

     (4)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.12 through 99.14 to the
          Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant (Reg. No.
          333-60763).

     (5)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999.

     (6)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Quarterly Report on
          Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999.

     (7)  Incorporated by reference to the Appendix to the definitive Proxy
          Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
          April 27, 2000, filed by the Registrant on March 27, 2000.

     (8)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Annual Report on
          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998.

    +    Confidential treatment has previously been granted by the Commission
         for certain portions of the referenced exhibit pursuant to Rule 406.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS, AS AMENDED THROUGH FEBRUARY 29,2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                     BYLAWS
                                       OF
                              BROADCOM CORPORATION
                          (FORMERLY: BROADBAND TELECOM)
                      As Amended through February 29, 2000

                                    ARTICLE I

                                CORPORATE OFFICES

         1.1      PRINCIPAL OFFICE

         The Board of Directors shall fix the location of the principal
executive office of the corporation at any place within or outside the State of
California. If the principal executive office is located outside California and
the corporation has one or more business offices in California, then the Board
of Directors shall fix and designate a principal business office in California.

         1.2      OTHER OFFICES

         The Board of Directors may at any time establish branch or subordinate
offices at any place or places.

                                   ARTICLE II

                            MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

         2.1      PLACE OF MEETINGS

         Meetings of shareholders shall be held at any place within or outside
the State of California designated by the Board of Directors. In the absence of
any such designation, shareholders meetings shall be held at the principal
executive office of the corporation or any place consented to in writing by all
persons entitled to vote at such meeting, given before or after the meeting and
filed with the Secretary of the corporation.

         2.2      ANNUAL MEETING

         An annual meeting of shareholders shall be held each year on a date and
at a time designated by the Board of Directors. At that meeting, directors shall
be elected. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting of
shareholders.

         2.3      SPECIAL MEETINGS

         Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time, subject
to the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of these Bylaws, by the board of
Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the holders of shares
entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10%) of the votes at that meeting.


                                       1
<PAGE>   2

         If a special meeting is called by anyone other than the Board of
Directors or the President or the Chairman of the Board, then the request shall
be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the
business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by
registered mail or by other written communication to the Chairman of the Board,
the President, any Vice President or the Secretary of the corporation. The
officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be given to the shareholders
entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of
these Bylaws, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or
persons calling the meeting, so long as that time is not less than thirty-five
(35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the
notice is not given within twenty (20) days after receipt of the request, then
the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing
contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting,
fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of shareholders called by action of
the Board of Directors may be held.

         2.4      NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDERS MEETINGS

         All notices of meetings of shareholders shall be sent or otherwise
given in accordance with Section 2.5 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) (or,
if sent by third-class mail pursuant to Section 2.5 of these Bylaws, not less
than thirty (30)) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting
to each shareholder entitled to vote thereat. Such notice shall state the place,
date, and hour of the meeting and (i) in the case of a special meeting, the
general nature of the business to be transacted, and no business other than that
specified in the notice may be transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual
meeting, those matters which the Board of Directors, at the time of the mailing
of the notice, intends to present for action by the shareholders, but, subject
to the provisions of the next paragraph of this Section 2.4, any proper matter
may be presented at the meeting for such action. The notice of any meeting at
which directors are to be elected shall include the names of nominees intended
at the time of the notice to be presented by the Board for election.

         If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval of (i) a
contract or transaction in which a director has a direct or indirect financial
interest, pursuant to Section 310 of the California Corporations Code (the
"Code"), (ii) an amendment of the Articles of Incorporation, pursuant to Section
902 of the Code, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section
1201 of the Code, (iv) a voluntary dissolution of the corporation, pursuant to
Section 1900 of the Code, or (v) a distribution in dissolution other than in
accordance with the rights of any outstanding preferred shares, pursuant to
Section 2007 of the Code, then the notice shall also state the general nature of
that proposal.

         2.5      MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE

         Notice of a shareholders meeting shall be given either personally or by
first-class mail, or, if the corporation has outstanding shares held or record
by five hundred (500) or more persons (determined as provided in Section 605 of
the Code) on the record date for the shareholders meeting, notice may be sent by
third-class mail, or other means of written communication, addressed to the
shareholder at the address of the shareholder appearing on the books of the
corporation or given by the shareholder to the corporation for the purpose of
notice; or if no such address appears or is given, at the place where the
principal executive office of the


                                       2
<PAGE>   3

corporation is located or by publication at least once in a newspaper of
general circulation in the county in which the principal executive office is
located. The notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
delivered personally or deposited in the mail or sent by other means of written
communication.

         If any notice (or any report referenced in Article VII of these Bylaws)
addressed to a shareholder at the address of such shareholder appearing on the
books of the corporation is returned to the corporation by the United States
Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is
unable to deliver the notice to the shareholder at that address, all future
notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given without further
mailing if the same shall be available to the shareholder upon written demand of
the shareholder at the principal executive office of the corporation for a
period of one (1) year from the date of the giving of the notice.

         An affidavit of mailing of any notice or report in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 2.5, executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary
or any transfer agent, shall be prima facie evidence of the giving of the notice
or report.

         2.6      QUORUM

         Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation of the
corporation, shares entitled to vote and holding a majority of the voting power,
represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of
shareholders. The shareholders present at a duly called or held meeting at which
a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment
notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a
quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by shares
holding at least a majority of the voting power required to constitute a quorum.

         In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of shareholders may be
adjourned from time to time by the vote of a majority of the shares represented
either in person or by proxy, but no their business may be transacted, except as
provided in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph.

         2.7      ADJOURNED MEETING NOTICE

         Any shareholders meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is
present, may be adjourned from time to time by the shares entitled to vote and
holding a majority of the voting power, represented in person or by proxy, at
that meeting.

         When any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, is
adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned
meeting if its time and place are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken. However, if the adjournment is for more than forty-five
(45) days from the date set for the original meeting or if a new record date for
the adjourned meeting is fixed, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of these Bylaws. At any
adjourned meeting the corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting.


                                       3
<PAGE>   4

         2.8      VOTING

         The shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11 of these Bylaws,
subject to the provisions of Sections 702 through 704 of the Code (relating to
voting shares held by a fiduciary, in the name of a corporation, or in joint
ownership).

         Elections for directors and voting on any other matter at a
shareholders meeting need not be by ballot unless a shareholder demands election
by ballot at the meeting and before the voting begins.

         Except as provided in the last paragraph of this Section 2.8, or as may
e otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, each outstanding share,
regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a
vote of the shareholders. Any holder of shares entitled to vote on any matter
may vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting the
remaining shares or may vote them against the proposal other than elections to
office, but, if the shareholder fails to specify the number of shares such
shareholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the
shareholder's approving vote is with respect to all shares which the shareholder
is entitled to vote.

         The affirmative vote of shares holding a majority of the voting power,
represented and voting at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present
(which shares voting affirmatively also constitute at least a majority of the
voting power required to constitute a quorum), shall be the act of the
shareholders, unless the vote of a greater number of voting by classes is
required by the Code or by the Articles of Incorporation.

         At a shareholders meeting at which directors are to be elected, a
shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes either (i) by giving one
candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which that shareholder's shares are
normally entitled or (ii) by distributing the shareholder's votes on the same
principle among as many candidates as the shareholder thinks fit, if the
candidate or candidates' names have been placed in nomination prior to the
voting and the shareholder has given notice prior to the voting of the
shareholder's intention to cumulate the shareholder's votes. If any one
shareholder has given such a notice, then every shareholder entitled to vote may
cumulate votes for candidates in nomination. The candidates receiving the
highest number of affirmative votes, up to the number of directors to be
elected, shall be elected; votes against any candidate and votes withheld shall
have no legal effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at such time as the
corporation becomes a listed corporation (as such term is defined in Section
301.5 of the California Corporations Code), shareholders shall no longer be
entitled to cumulate their votes for candidates in an election of directors.

         2.9      VALIDATION OF MEETINGS; WAIVER OF NOTICE; CONSENT

         The transactions of any meeting of shareholders, either annual or
special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, are as valid as though
they had been taken at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a
quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after
the meeting, each of the persons entitled to vote, not present in person or by


                                       4

<PAGE>   5

proxy, signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to the holding of the
meeting or an approval of the minutes thereof. Neither the business to be
transacted at nor the purpose of any annual or special meeting of shareholders
need be specified in any written waiver of notice or consent to the holding of
the meeting or approval of the minutes thereof, except that if action is taken
or proposed to be taken for approval of any of those matters specified in the
second paragraph of Section 2.4 of these Bylaws, the waiver of notice or consent
or approval shall state the general nature of the proposal. All such waivers,
consents, and approval shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part
of the minutes of the meeting.

         Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of and presence at that meeting, except when the person objects, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meting
is not lawfully called or convened and except that attendance at a meeting is
not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters required by
the code to be included in the notice of such meeting but not so included, if
such objection is expressly made at the meeting.

         2.10     SHAREHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING

         Any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of
shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if a
consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the
holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of notes
that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

         Directors may not be elected by written consent except by unanimous
written consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of directors.
However, a director may be elected at any time to fill any vacancy on the Board
of Directors, provided that it was not created by removal of a director and that
it has not been filled by the directors, by the written consent of shares
holding a majority of the voting power that are entitled to vote for the
election of directors.

         All such consents shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any
shareholder giving a written consent, or the shareholder's proxy holders, or a
transferee of the shares, or a personal representative of the shareholder, or
their respective proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by
the Secretary of the corporation before written consents of the number of shares
required to authorize the proposed action have been filed with the Secretary.

         If the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have not been
solicited in writing, the Secretary shall give prompt notice of any corporate
action approved by the shareholders without a meeting by less than unanimous
written consent to those shareholders entitled to vote who have not consented in
writing. Such notice shall be given in the manner specified in Section 2.5 of
these Bylaws. In the case of approval of (i) a contract or transaction ins which
a director has a direct or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 310
of the Code, (ii) indemnification of a corporate "agent," pursuant to Section
317 of the Code, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section
1201 of the Code, and (iv) a distribution in dissolution other than in
accordance with the rights of outstanding preferred shares, pursuant to Section
2007 of the Code, the notice shall be given at least ten (10) days before the
consummation of any action authorized


                                       5
<PAGE>   6

by that approval, unless the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have
been solicited in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at such time as the
corporation becomes a listed corporation (as such term is defined in Section
301.5 of the California Corporations Code), shareholders shall no longer be
entitled to cumulate their votes for candidates in an election of directors.

         2.11     RECORD DATE FOR SHAREHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS

         In order that the corporation may determine the shareholders entitled
to notice of any meeting or to vote, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance,
a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten
(10) days prior to the date of such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days before
any other action. Shareholders at the close of business on the record date are
entitled to notice and to vote, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer
of any shares on the books of the corporation after the record date, except as
otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or the Code.

         A determination of shareholders or record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting
unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting,
but the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date if the meeting is
adjourned for more than forty-five (45) days from the date set for the original
meeting.

         If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date:

         (a) The record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the
business day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is
waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on
which the meeting is held.

         (b) The record date for determining shareholders entitled to give
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, (i) when no prior
action by the Board of Directors has been taken, shall be the day on which the
first written consent is given, or (ii) when prior action by the Board of
Directors has been taken, shall be at the close of business on the day on which
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto, or the sixtieth
(60th) day prior to the date of such other action, whichever is later.

         The record date for any other purpose shall be as provided in Section
8.1 of these Bylaws.

         2.12     PROXIES

         Every person entitled to vote for directors, or on any other matter,
shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents
authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the Secretary
of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the shareholder's name or
other authorization is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature,
typewriting, telegraphic or electronic transmission or otherwise) by the
shareholder or the shareholder's attorney-in-fact. A validly executed proxy
which does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue in full force and
effect unless (i) the person who executed the proxy


                                       6
<PAGE>   7

revokes it prior to the time of voting by delivering a writing to the
corporation stating that the proxy is revoked or by executing a subsequent proxy
and presenting it to the meeting or by attendance at such meeting and voting in
person, or (ii) written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of that
proxy is received by the corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is
counted; provided, however, that no proxy shall be valid after the expiration of
eleven (11) months from the date thereof, unless otherwise provided in the
proxy. The dates contained on the forms of proxy presumptively determine the
order of execution, regardless of the postmark dates on the envelopes in which
they are mailed. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is
irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Sections 705(e) and 705(f) of
the Code.

         2.13     INSPECTORS OF ELECTION

         In advance of any meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors may
appoint inspectors of election to act at the meeting and any adjournment
thereof. If inspectors of election are not so appointed or designed or if any
persons so appointed fail to appear or refuse to act, then the Chairman of the
meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder or a shareholder's proxy
shall, appoint inspectors of election (or persons to replace those who so fail
to appear) at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be either one (1) or
three (3). If appointed at a meeting on the request of one (1) or more
shareholders or proxies, shares holding a majority of the voting power,
represented in person or by proxy, shall determine whether one (1) or three (3)
inspectors are to be appointed.

         The inspectors of election shall determine the number of shares
outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting,
the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and effect of
proxies, receive totes, ballots or consents, bear and determine all challenges
and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote, count and
tabulate all votes or consents, determine when the polls shall close, determine
the result and do any other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or
vote with fairness to all shareholders.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    DIRECTORS

         3.1      POWERS

         Subject to the provisions of the Code, any limitations in the Articles
of Incorporation, and these Bylaws, relating to action required to be approved
by the shareholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of
the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by
or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may
delegate the management of the day-to-day operation of the business of the
corporation to a management company or other person provided that the business
and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall
be exercised under the ultimate direction of the Board of Directors.


                                       7
<PAGE>   8

         3.2      NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

         The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be not less
than four (4) nor more than seven (7) (which in no event shall be greater than
two times the stated minimum minus one), and the exact number of directors shall
be five (5) until changed within the limits specified above, by a resolution
amending such exact number, duly adopted by the Board of Directors or by the
shareholders. The minimum and maximum number of directors may be changed, or a
definite number may be fixed without provision for an indefinite number, by a
duly adopted amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or by an amendment to
this Bylaw duly adopted by vote or written consent of holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that an amendment
reducing the fixed number or minimum number of directors to a number less than
five (5) cannot be adopted if the votes cast against its adoption at a meeting,
or the shares not consenting in the case of an action by written consent, are
equal to more than sixteen and two-third percent (16-2/3%) of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote thereon.

         No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the
effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.

         3.3      ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS

         At each annual meeting of shareholders, directors shall be elected to
hold office until the next annual meeting. Each director, including a director
elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term
for which elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified, except
in the case of the death, resignation, or removal of such a director.

         3.4      REMOVAL

         The entire Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed
from office without cause by the affirmative vote of shares holding a majority
of the voting power that are entitled to vote on such removal; provided,
however, that unless the entire Board is removed, no individual director may be
removed when the votes cast against such director's removal, or not consenting
in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that director if voted
cumulatively at an election at which the same total number of votes cast were
cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to
vote were voted) and the entire number of directors authorized at the same time
of such director's most recent election were then being elected.

         3.5      RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES

         Any director may resign effective upon giving oral or written notice to
the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Secretary, or the Board of
directors, unless the notice specifies a later time for the effectiveness of
such resignation. If the resignation of a director is effective at a future
time, the Board of Directors may elect a successor to take office when the
resignation becomes effective.

         Vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the
remaining directors, or if the number of directors then in office is less than a
quorum by (i) unanimous


                                       8
<PAGE>   9

written consent of the directors then in office, (ii) the affirmative vote of a
majority of directors then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice or
waiver of notice, or (iii) a sole remaining director; however, a vacancy created
by the removal of a director by the vote or written consent of the shareholders
or by court order may be filled only by the affirmative vote of shares holding a
majority of the voting power represented and voting at a duly held meeting at
which a quorum is present (which shares voting affirmatively also constitute at
least a majority of the voting power required to constitute a quorum), or by the
unanimous written consent of all shares entitled to vote thereon. Each director
so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders
and until a successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her death,
resignation or removal.

         A vacancy or vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to
exist (i) in the event of the death, resignation or removal of any director,
(ii) if the Board of Directors resolution declares vacant the office of a
director who has been declared of unsound mind by an order of court of convicted
or a felony, (iii) if the authorized number of directors is increased, or (iv)
if the shareholders fail, at any meeting of shareholders at which any director
or directors are elected, to elect the full number of directors to be elected at
that meeting.

         The shareholders may elect a director or directors at any time to fill
any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, but any such election by
written consent, other than to fill a vacancy created by removal, shall require
the consent of shares holding a majority of the voting power that are entitled
to vote thereon. A director may not be elected by written consent to fill a
vacancy created by removal except by unanimous consent of all shares entitled to
vote for the election of directors.

         3.6      PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE

         Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place
within or outside the State of California that has been designated from time to
time by resolution of the Board of Directors. In the absence of such a
designation , regular meetings shall be held at the principal executive office
of the corporation. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at
any place within or outside the State of California that has been designated in
the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or if there is no
notice, at the principal executive office of the corporation.

         Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting through
the use of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment, so long
as all directors participating in such meeting can hear one another.
Participation in a meeting pursuant to this paragraph constitutes presence in
person at such meeting.

         3.7      REGULAR MEETINGS

         Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice
if the time and place of such meetings are fixed by the Board of Directors.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10

         3.8      SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE

         Subject to the provisions of the following paragraph, special meetings
of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time
by the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary
or any two (2) directors.

         Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered
personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first class mail,
telegram, charges prepaid, or facsimile, in each case addressed to each director
at the director's address or facsimile telephone number as it is shown on the
records of the corporation, or by electronic mail or other electronic means to
the director at the director's electronic address as it is shown on the records
of the corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United
States mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the
meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone, facsimile,
telegram, electronic mail or other electronic means, it shall be delivered
personally or by telephone, by facsimile, to the telegraph company or by
electronic mail or other electronic means at least twenty-four (24) hours before
the time of the holding of the meeting. An oral notice given personally or by
telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the
office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe
will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the
purpose of the meeting.

         3.9      QUORUM

         A majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a
quorum of the transaction of business, except to adjourn as provided in Section
3.10 of these Bylaws. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the
directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present is the act
of the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of Section 310 of the Code
(as to the approval of contracts or transactions in which a director has a
direct or indirect material financial interest), Section 311 of the Code (as to
the appointment of committees), Section 317(a) of the Code (as to the
indemnification of directors), the Articles of Incorporation, and other
applicable law.

         A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to
transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action
taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for such
meeting.

         3.10     WAIVER OF NOTICE

         Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who signs a
waiver of notice or a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of the
minutes thereof, whether before or after the meeting, or who attends the meeting
without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack or notice to
such director. All such waivers, consents, and approval shall be filed with the
corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting. A waiver of
notice need not specify the purpose of any regular or special meeting of the
Board of Directors.

         3.11     ADJOURNMENT

         A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is
present, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place.


                                       10
<PAGE>   11

         3.12     NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT

         If the meeting is adjourned for over twenty-four (24) hours, notice of
any adjournment to another time and place shall be given prior to the time of
the adjourned meeting to the directors who were not present at the time of the
adjournment.

         3.13     BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING

         Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors
may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors
individually or collectively consent in writing to such action. Such written
consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
Board of Directors. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and
effect as a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors.

         3.14     FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

         Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if
any, for their services and such reimbursement of expenses as may be fixed or
determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. This Section 3.14 shall not
be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other
capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise, and receiving
compensation for those services.

         3.15     APPROVAL OF LOANS TO OFFICERS

         If these Bylaws have been approved by the corporation's shareholders in
accordance with the Code, the corporation may, upon the approval of the Board of
Directors alone, make loans of money or property to, or guarantee the
obligations of, any officer of the corporation or of its parent, if any, whether
or not a director, or adopt an employee benefit plan or plans authorizing such
loans or guaranties provided that (i) the Board of Directors determines that
such a loan or guaranty or plan may reasonably be expected to benefit the
corporation, (ii) the corporation has outstanding shares of record by 100 or
more persons (determined as provided in Section 605 of the Code) on the date of
approval of the Board of Directors, and (iii) the approval of the Board of
Directors is by a vote sufficient without counting the vote of any interested
director or directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the corporation shall have
the power to make loans permitted by the Code.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   COMMITTEES

         4.1      COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

         The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the
authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each
consisting of two (2) or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as
alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any
meeting of the committee. The appointment of members or alternate members of a
committee requires the vote of a majority of the authorized number of the


                                       11
<PAGE>   12

directors. Any such committee shall have authority to act in the manner and to
the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors and may have all
the authority of the Board of Directors, except with respect to:

         (a) The approval of any action which, under the Code, also requires
shareholders' approval or approval of the outstanding shares.

         (b) The filling of vacancies of the Board of Directors or of any
committee.

         (c) The fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the
Board of Directors or on any committee.

         (d) The amendment or repeal of these Bylaws or the adoption of new
Bylaws.

         (e) The amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board of Directors
which by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable.

         (f) A distribution to the shareholders of the corporation, except at a
rate, in a periodic amount or within a price range set forth in the Articles of
Incorporation or determined by the Board of Directors.

         (g) The appointment of any other committee of the Board of Directors or
the members thereof.

         4.2      MEETINGS AND ACTIONS OF COMMITTEES

         Meetings and actions of committee shall be governed by, and held and
taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section
3.5 (place of meetings), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special
meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice),
Section 3.10 (adjournment), Section 3.11 (notice of adjournment), and Section
3.12 (action without meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws
as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board of
Directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings
of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board of Directors
or by resolution of the committee, that special meetings of the Committees may
also be called by resolution of the Board of Directors, and that notice of
special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who
shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board of
Directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent
with the provisions of these Bylaws.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    OFFICERS

         5.1      OFFICERS

         The officers of a corporation shall be a President, a Secretary, and a
Chief Financial officer. The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the
Board of Directors, a Chairman


                                       12
<PAGE>   13

of the Board, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries,
one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in
accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these Bylaws. Any number of
officers may be held by the same person.

         5.2      APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS

         The officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be
appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these Bylaws,
shall be chosen by the Board and serve at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of
employment.

         5.3      SUBORDINATE OFFICERS

         The Board of Directors may appoint, or may empower the Chairman of the
Board or the President to appoint, such other officers as the business of the
corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have
such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as
the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

         5.4      REMOVAL OR RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS

         Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of
employment, all officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and any
officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board of Directors
at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or, except in case
of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors, by any officer upon whom such
power of removal may be conferred by the Board of Directors.

         Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the
corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of
that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise
specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the
rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract to which the officer is a
party.

         5.5      VACANCY IN OFFICES

         A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed by
these Bylaws for regular appointments to that office.

         5.6      CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

         The Chairman of the Board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if
present, preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and exercise and perform
such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board
of Directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no President,
then the Chairman of the Board shall also be the chief executive officer of the
corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.7 of
these Bylaws.


                                       13
<PAGE>   14

         5.7      PRESIDENT

         Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the
Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there be such an officer,
the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall,
subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision,
direction, and control of the business and the officers of the corporation. The
President shall preside over all meetings of the shareholders and, in the
absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board, at all meetings of the Board
of Directors. The President shall have the general powers and duties of
management usually vested in the office of President of a corporation, and shall
have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors
or these Bylaws.

         5.8      VICE PRESIDENTS

         In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice Presidents, if
any, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors or, if not
ranked, a Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all
the duties of the President and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and
be subject to all the restrictions upon, the President. The Vice Presidents
shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time
may be prescribed for them respectively by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws,
the President or the Chairman of the Board.

         5.9      SECRETARY

         The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal
executive office of the corporation or other such place as the Board of
Directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of
directors, committees of directors and shareholders. The minutes shall show the
time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how
authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors'
meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at
shareholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.

         The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal
executive office of the corporation or at the office of the corporation's
transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of
Directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of
all shareholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by
each, the number and dates of certificates evidencing such shares, and the
number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for
cancellation.

         The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meeting
of shareholders and of the Board of Directors required to be given by law or by
these Bylaws. The Secretary shall keep the seal of the corporation, if one be
adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform other such
duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws.


                                       14
<PAGE>   15

         5.10     CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

         The Chief Financial Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be
kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the
properties and business transactions of the corporation, including accounts of
its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital,
retained earnings, and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable
times be open to inspection by any director.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                     INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
                           EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS

         6.1      INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

         The corporation shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner
permitted by the Code, indemnify each of its directors against expenses (as
defined in Section 317(a) of the Code), judgment, fines, settlements, and other
amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding (as
defined in Section 317(a) of the Code), arising by reason of the fact that such
person is or was a director of the corporation. For purposes of this Article VI,
a "director" of the corporation includes any person (i) who is or was a director
of the corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the request of the corporation
as a director of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) who was a director of a corporation
which was a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of another enterprise
at the request of such predecessor corporation.

         6.2      INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS

         The corporation shall have the power, to the extent and in the manner
permitted by the Code, to indemnify each of its employees, officers, and agents
(other than directors) against expenses (as defined in Section 317(a) of the
Code), judgements, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding (as defined in Section 317(a) of the
Code), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an employee,
officer, or agent of the corporation. For purposes of this Article VI, for an
"employee" or "officer" or "agent" of the corporation (other than a director)
includes any person (i) who is or was an employee, officer, or agent of the
corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the request of the corporation as an
employee, officer, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) who was an
employee, officer, or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation
of the corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor
corporation.

         6.3      PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE

         Expenses and attorneys' fees incurred in defending any civil or
criminal action or proceeding for which indemnification is required pursuant to
Section 6.1, or if otherwise authorized by the Board of Directors, shall be paid
by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action or
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the


                                       15
<PAGE>   16

indemnified party to repay such an amount if it shall ultimately be determined
that the indemnified party is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in
this Article VI.

         6.4      INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE

         The indemnification provided by the Article VI shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be
entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or directors or
otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and as to action in another
capacity while holding such office. The rights to indemnity hereunder shall
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or
agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators
of the person.

         6.5      INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION

         The corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
the corporation against any liability asserted against or incurred by such
person in such capacity or arising out of that person's status as such, whether
or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify that person against
such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.

         6.6      CONFLICTS

         No indemnification or advance shall be made under this Article VI,
except where such indemnification or advance is mandated by law or the order,
judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, in any circumstance
where it appears:

         (1) That it would be inconsistent with the provisions of the Articles
of Incorporation, these Bylaws, a resolution of the shareholders or an agreement
in effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause of the action asserted
in the proceeding in which the expenses were incurred or other amounts were
paid, which prohibits or otherwise limits indemnification; or

         (2) That it would be inconsistent with any condition expressly imposed
by a court in approving a settlement.

         6.7      RIGHT TO BRING SUIT

         If a claim under this Article VI is not paid in full by the corporation
within 90 days after a written claim has been received by the corporation
(either because the claim is denied or because no determination is made), the
claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to
recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part,
the claimant shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such
claim. The corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such
action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it
permissible under the Code for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the
claim. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors,
independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to have made a determination
prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is
permissible in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable
standard of conduct, if any, nor an actual determination by the corporation
(including the Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or


                                       16
<PAGE>   17

its shareholders) that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of
conduct, shall be a defense to such action or create a presumption for the
purposes of such action that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of
conduct.

         6.8      INDEMNITY AGREEMENTS

         The Board of Directors is authorized to enter into a contract with any
director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or any person who is or
was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, including employee benefit plans, or any person who was a director,
officer, employee or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation
of the corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor
corporation, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board
of Directors so determines and to the extent permitted by applicable law,
greater than, those provided for in this Article VI.

         6.9      AMENDMENT, REPEAL OR MODIFICATION

         Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article
VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, employee,
officer or agent of the corporation existing at the time of such amendment,
repeal or modification.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                               RECORDS AND REPORTS

         7.1      MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE REGISTER

         The corporation shall keep either at its principal executive office or
at the office of its transfer agent or registrar (if either be appointed), as
determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, a record of its shareholders
listing the names and addresses of all shareholders and the number and class of
shares held by each shareholder.

         A shareholder or shareholders of the corporation holding at least five
percent (5%) in the aggregate of the outstanding voting shares of the
corporation who held at least one percent (1%) of such voting shares and have
filed a Schedule 14B with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
relating to the election of directors, shall have an absolute right to do either
or both of the following (i) inspect and copy the record of shareholders' names,
addresses, and shareholdings during usual business hours upon five (5) days'
prior written demand upon the corporation, or (ii) obtain from the transfer
agent of the corporation, upon written demand and upon the tender of such
transfer agent's usual charges for such list (the amount of which charges shall
be stated to the shareholder by the transfer agent upon request), a list of the
shareholders' names and addresses who are entitled to vote for the election of
the directors, and their shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for
which it has been compiled or as of the date specified by the shareholder
subsequent to the date of demand. The list shall be made available on or before
the later of five (5) business days after the demand is received or the date
specified therein as the date as of which the list is to be compiled.


                                       17
<PAGE>   18

         The record of shareholders shall also be open to inspection or copying
by any shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate at any time during
usual business hours upon written demand on the corporation, for a purpose
reasonably related to the holder's interests as a shareholder or holder of a
voting trust certificate.

         Any inspection and copying under this Section 7.1 may be made in person
or by an agent or attorney of the shareholder or holder of a voting trust
certificate making the demand.

         7.2      MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS

         The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office or, if its
principal executive office is not in the State of California, at its principal
business office in California, the original or a copy of these Bylaws as amended
to date, which shall be open to inspection by the shareholders at all reasonable
times during business hours. If the principal executive office is outside the
State of California and the corporation has no principal business office in such
state, then it shall, upon the written request of any shareholder, furnish to
such shareholder a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date.

         7.3      MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER CORPORATE RECORDS

         The accounting books and records and the minutes of proceedings of the
shareholders and the Board of Directors, and committees of the Board of
Directors shall be kept at such place or places as are designated by the Board
of Directors or, in absence of such designation, at the principal executive
office of the corporation. The minutes shall be kept in written form or in any
other form capable of being converted into written form.

         The minutes and accounting books and records shall be open to
inspection upon the written demand on the corporation of any shareholder or
holder of a voting trust certificate at any reasonable time during usual
business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to such holder's interests as a
shareholder or as a holder of a voting trust certificate. Such inspection by a
shareholder or a holder of a voting trust certificate may be made in person or
by an agent or attorney and the right of inspection includes the right to copy
and make extracts. Such rights of inspections shall extend to the records of
each subsidiary corporation of the corporation.

         7.4      INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS

         Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to
inspect and copy all books, records, and documents of every kind and to inspect
the physical properties of the corporation and each of its subsidiary
corporations, domestic or foreign. Such inspection by a director may be made in
person or by an agent or attorney and the right of inspection includes the right
to copy and make extracts.

         7.5      ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS; WAIVER

         The Board of Directors shall cause an annual report to be sent to the
shareholders not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of the
fiscal year adopted by the corporation. Such report shall be sent to the
shareholders at least fifteen (15) (or, if sent by third class mail, thirty-five
(35)) days prior to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held in the next


                                       18
<PAGE>   19

fiscal year and in the manner specified in Section 2.5 of these Bylaws for
giving notice to shareholders of the corporation.

         The annual report shall contain a balance sheet as of the end of the
fiscal year and an income statement and statement of changes in financial
position for the fiscal year, accompanied by any report thereon of independent
accountants or, if there is no such report, the certificate of an authorized
officer of the corporation that the statements were prepared without audit from
the books and records of the corporation.

         The foregoing requirement of an annual report shall be waived so long
as the shares of the corporation are held by fewer than one hundred (100)
holders of record.

         7.6      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         If no annual report for the fiscal year has been sent to shareholders,
then the corporation shall, upon the written request of any shareholder made
more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of such fiscal year,
deliver or mail to the person making the request, within thirty (30) days
thereafter, a copy of a balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and an
income statement and statement of changes in financial position for such fiscal
year.

         A shareholder or shareholders holding at least five percent (5%) of the
outstanding shares of any class of the corporation may make a written request to
the corporation for an income statement of the corporation for the three-month,
six-month or nine-month period of the current fiscal year ended more than thirty
(30) days prior to the date of the request and a balance sheet of the
corporation as of the end of that period. The statements shall be delivered or
mailed to the person making the request within thirty (30) days thereafter. A
copy of the statements shall be kept on file in the principal office of the
corporation for twelve (12) months and it shall be exhibited at all reasonable
times to any shareholder demanding an examination of the statements or a copy
shall be mailed to the shareholder. If the corporation has not sent to the
shareholders its annual report for the last fiscal year, the statements referred
to in the first paragraph of this section 7.6 shall likewise be delivered or
mailed to the shareholder or shareholders within thirty (30) days after the
request.

         The quarterly income statements and balance sheets referred to in this
section shall be accompanied by the report thereon, if any, of any independent
accountants engaged by the corporation or the certificate of an authorized
officer of the corporation that the financial statements were prepared without
audit from the books and records of the corporation.

         7.7      REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS

         The Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Chief
Financial Officer, the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of this corporation, or
any other person authorized by the Board of Directors or the President or a Vice
President, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this
corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation
or corporations standing in the name of this corporation. The authority herein
granted may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person
authorized to do so by proxy or by power of attorney duly executed by such
person having the authority.


                                       19
<PAGE>   20

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                 GENERAL MATTERS

         8.1      RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE AND VOTING

         For purposes of determining the shareholders entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action (other
than with respect to notice or voting at a shareholders meeting or action by
shareholders by written consent without a meeting), the Board of Directors may
fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days
prior to any such action. Only shareholders of record at the close of business
on the record date are entitled to receive the dividend, distribution or
allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights, as the case may be,
notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the corporation after
the record date, except as otherwise provided for in the Articles of
Incorporation or the Code.

         If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date, then the
record date for determining shareholders for any such purpose shall be at the
close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating
thereto or the sixtieth (60th) day prior to the date of that action, whichever
is later.

         8.2      CHECKS; DRAFTS; EVIDENCE OF INDEBTEDNESS

         From time to time, the Board of Directors shall determine by resolution
which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for
payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in
the name of or payable to the corporation, and only the persons so authorized
shall sign or endorse those instruments.

         8.3      CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW EXECUTED

         The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws,
may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any
contract or execute any instrument in the name of or on behalf of the
corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.
Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency
power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or
authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its
credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

         8.4      CERTIFICATE FOR SHARES

         A certificate or certificates for shares of the corporation shall be
issued to each shareholder when any such shares are fully paid. The Board of
Directors may authorize the issuance of certificates for shares partly paid
provided that these certificates shall state the total amount of the
consideration to be paid for them and the amount actually paid. All certificates
shall be signed in the name of the corporation by the Chairman of the Board or
the Vice Chairman of the Board or the President or a Vice President and by the
Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares


                                       20
<PAGE>   21

and the class and series of shares owned by the shareholder. Any or all of the
signatures on the certificates may be by facsimile.

         In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar has signed or whose
facsimile signature has been placed on a certificate has ceased to be such
officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may
be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if that person were an
officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

         8.5      LOST CERTIFICATES

         Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificate for shares
shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the later is
surrendered to the corporation or its transfer agent or registrar and cancelled
at the same time. The Board of Directors may, in case any share certificate or
certificate for any other security is lost, stolen or destroyed (as evidenced by
a written affidavit or affirmation of such fact), authorize the issuance of
replacement certificates on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors
may require; the Board of Directors may require indemnification of the
corporation secured by a bond or other adequate security sufficient to protect
the corporation against any claim that may be made against it, including any
expense or liability, on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
the certificate or the issuance of the replacement certificate.

         8.6      CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS

         Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of
construction, and definitions in the code shall govern the construction of these
Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the provision, the singular number
includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term
"person" includes both a corporation and a natural person.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   AMENDMENTS

         9.1      AMENDMENT BY SHAREHOLDERS

         New Bylaws may be adopted or these bylaws may be amended or repealed by
the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of outstanding shares
entitled to vote; provided, however, that if the Articles of Incorporation of
the corporation set forth the number of authorized directors of the corporation,
then the authorized number of directors may be changed only by an amendment of
the Articles of Incorporation.

         9.2      AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS

         Subject to the rights of the shareholders as provided by Section 9.1 of
these Bylaws, Bylaws, other than a Bylaw or an amendment of a Bylaw changing the
authorized number of directors (except to fix the authorized number of directors
pursuant to a Bylaw providing for a variable number of directors), may be
adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.


                                       21
<PAGE>   22

         9.3      RECORD OF AMENDMENTS

         Whenever an amendment or new Bylaw is adopted, it shall be copied in
the book of minutes with the original Bylaws. If any Bylaw is repealed, the face
of repeal, with the date of the meeting at which the repeal was enacted or
written consent was filed, shall be stated in said book of minutes.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                 INTERPRETATION

         Reference in the Bylaws to any provision of the California Corporations
Code shall be deemed to include all amendments thereof.

                                       22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 21.1


                           SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

                                                  State or Other Jurisdiction of
         Name of Entity                           Incorporation or Organization
         --------------                           ------------------------------
         AltoCom, Inc.                            California
         Armedia, Inc.                            Delaware
         Broadcom (BVI) Limited                   British Virgin Islands
         Broadcom Canada Ltd.                     British Columbia
         Broadcom HomeNetworking, Inc.            California
         Broadcom India Private Limited           India
         Broadcom Netherlands B.V.                The Netherlands
         Broadcom Singapore Pte Ltd.              Singapore


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form
S-8 No. 333-60763) pertaining to the Broadcom Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive
Plan and 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; the Registration Statement (Form S-8
No. 333-80317) pertaining to the Epigram, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan, the Maverick
Networks 1998 Stock Plan and stock option grants to three employees of Armedia,
Inc.; the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-87673) pertaining to the
AltoCom, Inc. 1997 Stock Plan and the HotHaus Technologies Inc. Incentive Stock
Option Plan; the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-90903) and related
Prospectus pertaining to the registration of 653,159 shares of Class A common
stock and 653,159 shares of Class B common stock; the Registration Statement
(Form S-8 No. 333-93457) pertaining to the Broadcom Corporation 1999 Special
Stock Option Plan and Broadcom Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan; and the
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-33170) pertaining to the Broadcom
Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, BlueSteel Networks, Inc. 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan, BlueSteel Networks, Inc. 1999 Non-Employee Stock Plan, Digital
Furnace Corporation Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, Stellar
Semiconductor, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan and Stellar Semiconductor, Inc.
1997 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, of our report dated January 18, 2000
(except for Note 13, as to which the date is March 8, 2000), with respect to the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Broadcom
Corporation included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended
December 31, 1999.

                                                  /s/ Ernst & Young LLP



Orange County, California
March 30, 2000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1000

<S>                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                  YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                         DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                            JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                              DEC-31-1999
<CASH>                                        173,966
<SECURITIES>                                   86,215
<RECEIVABLES>                                  99,130
<ALLOWANCES>                                    7,673
<INVENTORY>                                    19,177
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                              391,327
<PP&E>                                         72,071
<DEPRECIATION>                                 24,972
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                585,309
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          86,062
<BONDS>                                             0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                               0
<PREFERRED>                                         0
<COMMON>                                           21
<OTHER-SE>                                    498,678
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                  585,309
<SALES>                                       518,183
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                              518,183
<CGS>                                         209,837
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                 209,837
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                              196,950
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                  476
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                            (8,402)
<INCOME-PRETAX>                               119,322
<INCOME-TAX>                                   36,035
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            83,287
<DISCONTINUED>                                      0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                     0
<CHANGES>                                           0
<NET-INCOME>                                   83,287
<EPS-BASIC>                                      0.42
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    0.36


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED 1998 AND 1997 FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<RESTATED>
<MULTIPLIER> 1000

<S>                            <C>                    <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                  YEAR                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1998             DEC-31-1997
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1998             JAN-01-1997
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1998             DEC-31-1997
<CASH>                                          72,511                  33,031
<SECURITIES>                                    34,344                       0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   47,446                  11,386
<ALLOWANCES>                                     5,167                     721
<INVENTORY>                                      7,325                   2,712
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               172,644                  48,601
<PP&E>                                          43,811                  15,431
<DEPRECIATION>                                  12,211                   5,321
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 260,581                  60,890
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           40,978                  12,867
<BONDS>                                              0                       0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0                       0
<PREFERRED>                                          0                  28,617
<COMMON>                                            20                      14
<OTHER-SE>                                     215,483                  16,379
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   260,581                  60,890
<SALES>                                        216,456                  42,341
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               216,456                  42,341
<CGS>                                           91,403                  15,563
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   91,403                  15,563
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                83,078                  32,955
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   951                       0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             (4,154)                    (91)
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 45,178                 (6,086)
<INCOME-TAX>                                    20,586                   (157)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             24,592                 (5,929)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0                       0
<CHANGES>                                            0                       0
<NET-INCOME>                                    24,592                 (5,929)
<EPS-BASIC>                                       0.15                  (0.05)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     0.12                  (0.05)


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
