-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WDYeLRSi7U+lXa/4c0xoCJe3ingPHNA4EqsCNfGcSDHHoaZ3BUauXalqwCnrvNuE
 LoU7epT/xwjO6m949l45hw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/20000629/0000950005-00-000777/0000950005-00-000777.txt : 20000920
<SEC-HEADER>0000950005-00-000777.hdr.sgml : 20000920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950005-00-000777
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELECTRONIC ARTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000712515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [7372
]		IRS NUMBER:				942838567
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		10-K
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17948
			FILM NUMBER:		663928
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		209 REDWOOD SHORES PARKWAY
				CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
				STATE:			CA
				ZIP:			94065
				BUSINESS PHONE:		4155717171
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		209 REDWOOD SHORES PARKWAY
					CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
					STATE:			CA
					ZIP:			94065
</MAIL-ADDRESS>

					FORMER COMPANY:	
						FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ELECTRONIC ARTS
						DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19911211
</FORMER-COMPANY>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>



                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 1999

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13 OR 15 (d)  OF THE  SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___ to ___

                           Commission File No. 0-17948


                              ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware                                                     94-2838567
(State or other jurisdiction of                              (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                               Identification No.)

209 Redwood Shores Parkway
Redwood City, California                                     94065
(Address of principal executive offices)                     (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (650) 628-1500

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.01 par value
                                (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  Registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES X NO ___

Indicated by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best
of  registrant's  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

The aggregate  market value of the  Registrant's  common stock,  $.01 par value,
held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 1, 2000 was $2,269,355,144.

As of June 1, 2000 there were 64,638,382  shares of  Registrant's  common stock,
$.01 par value, outstanding.


                       Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of Registrant's  definitive proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") for
its 2000 Annual Meeting of Stockholders  are incorporated by reference into Part
III hereof.

Portions of  Registrant's  definitive  proxy statement for its Notice of Special
Stockholders  Meeting and Proxy Statement dated March 22, 2000 are  incorporated
by reference into Part I hereof.

This report  consists of 80 sequentially  numbered  pages.  The Exhibit Index is
located at sequentially numbered page 80.

                                                                    Page 1 of 80

<PAGE>


                              ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.
                          2000 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT
                                Table of Contents


                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

                                     PART I

Item 1.   Business                                                             3

Item 2.   Properties                                                          12

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                                                   13

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                 13

Item 4A.  Executive Officers of the Registrant                                14


                                    PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
          Matters                                                             16

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                                             17

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
          Results of Operations                                               18

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          42

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                         44

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
          and Financial Disclosures                                           71


                                    PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                  72

Item 11.  Executive Compensation                                              72

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management      72

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                      72


                                    PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K     73

Signatures                                                                    78

Exhibit Index                                                                 80

                                       2

<PAGE>


                                     PART I

This  Annual  Report on Form  10-K,  including  Item 1  ("Business")  and Item 7
("Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations"),  contains forward-looking statements about circumstances that have
not yet occurred. All statements, trend analysis and other information contained
below relating to markets,  our products and trends in revenue, as well as other
statements  including  words such as  "anticipate",  "believe"  or "expect"  and
statements   in  the  future  tense  are   forward-looking   statements.   These
forward-looking  statements  are subject to business  and  economic  risks,  and
actual events or our actual future  results could differ  materially  from those
set forth in the forward-looking statements due to such risks and uncertainties.
We will not necessarily update this information if any forward looking statement
later turns out to be  inaccurate.  Risk and  uncertainties  that may affect our
future results and performance  include,  but are not limited to those discussed
under the heading "Risk Factors" below at pages 36 to 41.


ITEM 1:  BUSINESS


Overview

         Electronic  Arts was initially  incorporated  in California in 1982. In
September 1991, we were reincorporated under the laws of Delaware. Our principal
executive  offices are  located at 209 Redwood  Shores  Parkway,  Redwood  City,
California 94065 and our telephone number is (650) 628-1500.

We operate in two principal business segments globally:

     o   EA Core  business  segment:  creation,  marketing and  distribution  of
         entertainment software.

     o   EA.com  business  segment:  creation,  marketing  and  distribution  of
         entertainment software which can be played or sold online.

         EA Core

         We create, market and distribute interactive entertainment software for
a  variety  of  hardware  platforms.  As of March 31,  2000,  our  business  was
comprised of the following:

     o   Distribution  of over 100 titles  that we  developed  and/or  published
         under one of our brand names in North America,  including  older titles
         marketed as "Classics" or "Publisher's Choice."

     o   Distribution  of localized  versions of our products in the rest of the
         world.

     o   Distribution of approximately  20 additional  titles developed by other
         software  publishers  (that we refer to as Affiliated  Labels) in North
         America  and  titles we have  assisted  in the  development  with other
         software publishers (referred to as Co-Published titles).

     o   Distribution of over 1,000 Affiliated Label and Co-Published  titles in
         the rest of the world.

     Since our inception,  we have developed  products for 38 different hardware
platforms, including the following:


     o   IBM(R) PC and compatibles

     o   16-bit Sega(TM) Genesis(TM) video game system

     o   16-bit Super Nintendo Entertainment System(R)

     o   32-bit Sony PlayStation(R)

     o   64-bit Nintendo(R) 64

     o   128-bit Sony PlayStation 2





     Our product  development methods and organization are modeled on those used
in the  entertainment  industry.  We also market our  products  with  techniques
borrowed from other entertainment  companies such as record producers,  magazine
publishers and video distributors.  Employees whom we call "producers",  who are
responsible  for  the  development  of one or  more  products,  oversee  product
development  and  direct  teams  comprised  of both our  employees  and  outside
contractors.  Our designers regularly work with celebrities and organizations in
sports,  entertainment  and other areas to develop  products that provide gaming
experiences  that are as realistic and interactive as possible.  Celebrities and
organizations  with whom we have contracts include:  FIFA, NASCAR,  John Madden,
the National  Basketball  Association,  the PGA TOUR,  Tiger Woods, the National
Hockey League,  World Championship  Wrestling Inc., Football Association Premier
League and Formula One. We maintain  development studios in California,  Canada,
United Kingdom,  Florida,  Texas,  Japan,  Washington,  Maryland,  Australia and
Nevada.

                                       3

<PAGE>


         We  invest  in the  creation  of  state-of-the-art  software  tools and
utilities that are then used in product development.  These tools allow for more
cost-effective  product  development and the ability to more efficiently convert
products from one hardware platform to another. We have also made investments in
facilities and equipment to facilitate the creation and editing of digital forms
of video and audio recordings and product  development  efforts for new hardware
platforms.

         We distribute our products and those of our Affiliated Labels primarily
by direct sales to retail chains and outlets in the United States and Europe. In
Japan and the Asia Pacific  region,  we  distribute  products  both  directly to
retailers  and through third party  distributors.  Our products are available in
over 79,000 retail locations worldwide. In fiscal 2000, approximately 40% of our
net revenues  were  generated by  international  operations,  compared to 42% in
fiscal 1999 and 43% in fiscal 1998.

         EA.com

         On March 22, 2000,  the  stockholders  of Electronic  Arts voted on and
approved a proposal (the "Tracking Stock Proposal") to authorize the issuance of
a new series of common stock to be designated as Class B common stock ("Tracking
Stock"),  intended to reflect the  performance  of  Electronic  Arts' online and
e-Commerce  division  ("EA.com").  As a result of the  approval of the  Tracking
Stock Proposal, Electronic Arts' existing common stock has been re-classified as
Class A  common  stock  ("Class  A  Stock")  and that  stock  will  reflect  the
performance of Electronic Arts' other businesses ("EA Core").

         EA.com, a division of Electronic Arts Inc., represents Electronic Arts'
online and e-Commerce business.  EA.com's online business includes  subscription
revenues   collected  for  Internet   game  play  on  our  websites,   sales  of
Internet-based  games and sales of Electronic  Arts products sold through EA.com
websites.  Electronic  Arts began  development  of its initial  online  product,
Ultima Online  during  fiscal year 1996. We shipped  Ultima Online during fiscal
year 1998, and began  development of our online  business  during the same year.
EA.com's  websites  include EA.com,  individual sites for Electronic Arts' games
and the Games  Channel on America  Online,  which will be launched in the second
half of calendar 2000. Our goal is to be the leading online games site. To date,
the  majority of our  subscription  revenues  and  packaged  goods  revenues for
online-only  games have been generated by Ultima Online and Ultima  Online:  The
Second Age,  (collectively  referred to as Ultima  Online).  The  packaged  good
product  is  sold  through  our  traditional  distribution  channel  to  various
retailers.  The Ultima Online  product is then sold by the retail channel to the
end customer who must sign up for EA.com's  online  service to enjoy online play
on a  month-to-month  subscription  basis.  For a more detailed  description  of
EA.com's online business,  see Appendix IV of the Notice of Special Stockholders
Meeting and Proxy Statement dated March 22, 2000.

Investments and Joint Ventures

         Acquisitions

         Kesmai Corporation

         On February 7, 2000, we acquired Kesmai Corporation (now referred to as
"Kesmai")  from  News  America   Corporation   ("News  Corp")  in  exchange  for
$22,500,000  in cash  and  approximately  103,000  shares  of  Electronic  Arts'
existing  common stock valued at $8,650,000.  The  transaction was accounted for
under the purchase  method.  Kesmai(TM) is managed by EA.com and  specializes in
the design and development of multiplayer games delivered  directly to consumers
over the Internet and is a major  provider of game content to the Games  Channel
on the AOL  service.  The issuance of these  shares was  temporary,  pending the
authorization of Class B common stock. Subsequently,  on March 22, 2000, Class B
shares  were  authorized.  The Company  granted 5 percent of the initial  equity
attributable  to  EA.com  to  News  Corp,   adjusting  the  total  common  stock
consideration relating to the acquisition by $703,000 to $9,353,000. The Company
has contributed  Kesmai to the EA.com division.  See note 13 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, included in item 8 hereof.

         Westwood Studios

         In September  1998, we completed the  acquisition of Westwood  Studios,
Inc.  and  certain  assets  of  the  Irvine,   California-based  Virgin  Studios
(collectively  "Westwood") for  approximately  $122,688,000  in cash,  including
transaction  expenses.  The  transaction  was  accounted  for under the purchase
method.  Westwood is best known for its  successful PC  franchises,  Command and
Conquer  and  Lands  of  Lore.  See  note 13 of the  Notes  to the  Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in item 8 hereof.

         ABC Software

         In July 1998,  we acquired  ABC Software  AG, in  Switzerland,  and ABC
Software GmbH, in Austria  (collectively  "ABC"),  independent  distributors  of
entertainment,   edutainment  and  application   software,   for   approximately
$9,466,000  in cash (net of cash

                                       4

<PAGE>


acquired of $5,099,000) and $570,000 in other consideration. The transaction has
been  accounted for under the purchase  method.  See note 13 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, included in item 8 hereof.

         Other Business Combinations

         Additionally,  during  fiscal 2000 and fiscal  1999,  we acquired  four
software  development  companies.  See  note  13 of the  Notes  to  Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in item 8 hereof.

         Joint Ventures

         In May 1998, Electronic Arts and Square Co., Ltd. ("Square"), a leading
developer  and  publisher  of  entertainment  software in Japan,  completed  the
formation  of two new joint  ventures,  in North  America  and  Japan.  In North
America,  the companies formed Square  Electronic Arts, LLC ("Square EA"), which
has  exclusive  publishing  rights  in  North  America  for  future  interactive
entertainment  PlayStation  titles  created  by  Square.  We own a 30%  minority
interest in this joint venture while Square owns 70%. Additionally,  we have the
exclusive right to distribute in North America products  published by this joint
venture.

         In Japan,  the  companies  established  Electronic  Arts Square KK ("EA
Square KK"),  which  localizes and publishes in Japan our properties  originally
created in North America and Europe, as well as develops and publishes  original
video games in Japan. We own a 70% majority interest, while Square owns 30%. See
note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  included in item
8 hereof.

         Investments

         We have made  investments as part of our overall strategy and currently
hold minority equity interests in several  companies.  As of March 30, 2000, our
minority equity investments include  investments in NovaLogic,  Inc. and Firaxis
Software, Inc.

Market

         Historically,  no hardware  platform or video game system has  achieved
long-term  dominance in the interactive  entertainment  market.  In fiscal 2000,
Sony's  PlayStation  was the  dominant  hardware  platform in our  industry.  In
addition,  the installed base of  multimedia-enabled  home computers,  including
those with Internet  accessibility,  has continued to grow as personal computer,
or PC,  prices have  declined  and the  quality  and  choices of  software  have
increased dramatically.  We develop and publish products for multiple platforms,
and this diversification continues to be a cornerstone of our strategy.

<TABLE>
         The  following  table  details  select  information  on a sample of the
hardware platforms for which we have published titles:

<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                Video Game Console /         Date Introduced               Medium/
           Manufacturer                                Platform Name        in North America          Product Base       Technology
- ------------------------ -------------------------------------------- ----------------------- --------------------- ----------------
<S>                               <C>                                                   <C>           <C>                    <C>
                   Sega                                      Genesis                    1989             Cartridge           16-bit
               Nintendo                                Super NES(TM)                    1991             Cartridge           16-bit
             Matsushita           3DO(TM)Interactive Multiplayer(TM)                    1993          Compact Disk           32-bit
                   Sega                                       Saturn                    1995          Compact Disk           32-bit
                   Sony                                  PlayStation                    1995          Compact Disk           32-bit
               Nintendo                                  Nintendo 64                    1996             Cartridge           64-bit
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


         Sega

         Sega  launched  DreamcastTM  in  Japan  in  December  1998 and in North
America in September 1999. Sega designed  Dreamcast to combine features from the
console and PC platforms.  We currently have no products in development  for the
Sega Dreamcast.  See Risk Factors - "New video game platforms create  additional
technical and business model uncertainties".

         Sony

         Sony released the  PlayStation  2 console in Japan in March 2000.  Sony
has announced the release of the  PlayStation 2 console in the United States and
Europe in the fall of 2000.  The  PlayStation  2 console is a  128-bit,  Digital
Versatile Disk ("DVD") based system that is Internet and cable ready, as well as
backward compatible with the current PlayStation console software.  We currently
have various products under development for the Sony PlayStation 2 console.  See
Risk  Factors - "New  video  game  platforms  create  additional  technical  and
business model uncertainties".

                                       5

<PAGE>


         Nintendo

         Nintendo announced that it will release a next generation system,  code
named Dolphin, in the first half of 2001. Dolphin will offer a DVD drive.

         Microsoft

         Microsoft  announced  that it expects to release  its first  video game
system, code named Xbox(TM),  in the fall of 2001.

         New Entrants

         New  entrants  into  the  interactive   entertainment   and  multimedia
industries,  such as cable  television,  telephone,  and  diversified  media and
entertainment  companies,  in addition to a proliferation  of new  technologies,
such as online networks and the Internet,  have increased the competition in our
markets.  We are scheduled to release  several online  network  gaming  products
during  fiscal  2001.  See Risk  Factors  - "New  video  game  platforms  create
additional  technical  and  business  model  uncertainties"  and "The  impact of
e-Commerce and online games on our business is not known ".

         The early investment in products for the 32-bit market,  including both
Compact Disk personal computer (or PC) and dedicated entertainment systems (that
we call video game systems or  consoles),  has been  strategically  important in
positioning  us for the current  generation  of 32-bit and 64-bit  machines.  We
believe that such investment continues to be important. PlayStation has achieved
significant market acceptance in all geographical  territories.  However, as the
PlayStation  console  market has matured and the next  generation  consoles  are
introduced,  we expect  sales of current  PlayStation  products to  decline.  In
addition,  our revenues  and  earnings are  dependent on our ability to meet our
product release schedule and our failure to meet those schedules could result in
revenues  and  earnings  which  fall  short  of  analysts'  expectations  in any
individual  quarter.  See Risk  Factors -  "Product  development  schedules  are
frequently unreliable and make predicting quarterly results difficult".

         Online Games

         According to the market research firm, Jupiter  Communications,  online
gamers  (defined as  individuals  who have played  online  games within the past
year) are  expected to grow to 26.8 million  Internet  users by 2002 up from 3.7
million  Internet  users in 1998.  Jupiter  expects  total online  gaming market
revenue to grow to $2 billion by 2002.  We believe  the  expected  increases  in
online gaming will be primarily attributable to the following factors:

     o   Increasing popularity of PC gaming,

     o   Growing interest in multiplayer games,

     o   Growth in the number of households with PCs and Internet connections,

     o   General  growth  in  internet  usage,  including  the  number of users,
         communities and increased frequency of use by consumers,

     o   Rapid innovation of new online entertainment experiences,

     o   Mass market adoption of broadband technologies, and

     o   Decreasing costs of Internet access.

Competition

         EA Core

         See Risk Factors - "Our platform  licensors  are our chief  competitors
and frequently control the manufacturing of our video game products".

         EA.com

We believe EA.com faces  substantial  competition  from a number of existing and
potential competitors including:

     o   Console & PC Game  Publishers.  Other game  publishers  including  Sony
         Computer  Entertainment of America ("Sony"),  Nintendo,  Sega,  Hasbro,
         Mattel, Acclaim, Havas, Microsoft, Interplay, Infogrames and Eidos, are
         each  developing   individual   online  games  and  games  with  online
         components.  Currently,  Sony  (including the online  divisions of Sony
         Entertainment)  may  have  the  broadest   collection  of  online  game
         offerings,  which includes the online game, Everquest,  a virtual world
         that directly  competes with EA.com's  Ultima Online game. In addition,
         Sony operates the Sony Station, a site that offers family-oriented game
         shows.   Each  of  these   competitors  may  compete  with  EA.com  for
         advertising, subscription and e-Commerce sales.

                                       6

<PAGE>


     o   Portals.  With respect to advertising and e-Commerce sales, EA.com will
         also  compete with  general  purpose  consumer web sites such as Yahoo,
         Excite,  Lycos,  and  Microsoft  Network.  In  addition,  many of these
         Internet portals offer gaming sites such as Yahoo Games Channel, Excite
         Games Channel, Lycos Games Channel, and Microsoft Gaming Zone. Although
         most of the game areas of these  portals have  attained  modest  reach,
         their  key  placement  on  powerful   portals  makes  them  potentially
         significant competitors for gaming subscriptions as well.

     o   Family  Oriented  Game  Sites.  A number of sites  such as  Uproar.com,
         Gamesville.com,  Disney's go.com,  Shockwave.com and Pogo.com (formerly
         TEN),  have  driven  significant  amounts of traffic to their  sites by
         offering unique games and entertainment  content. In addition,  several
         of the sites offer frequent prizes with easy to play "gamettes".  These
         sites are typically monetizing their traffic by selling advertising.

     o   Aggregators.  Aggregators  such  as  Hearme.com,  Pogo.coom,  Microsoft
         Gaming Zone and Heat.net,  provide an  aggregation  of various types of
         online games,  including  aggregation of games developed by independent
         third parties. While these sites have been primarily focused on serving
         the  gaming  community,  they have since  adjusted  their  strategy  to
         include games, such as parlor games, that reach a broader audience.

     o   Sports Sites. Sports content sites such as ESPN.com, Sportsline.com and
         Foxsports.com  typically  feature fantasy league games and easy to play
         sports "gamettes" in addition to their editorial content.  Such fantasy
         league  games and sports  "gamettes"  typically  appeal to the  overall
         sports fan,  rather than the sports  gamer.  However,  these sites have
         significant  financial and content resources at their disposal and will
         provide competition for advertising and e-Commerce sales.

     o   Microsoft  Gaming Zone  ("MGZ").  Microsoft  falls into a number of the
         foregoing categories, as it is a portal, an aggregator, and a publisher
         of PC Software Products,  including game products. As such, Microsoft's
         offerings are the closest parallel to the proposed offerings of EA.com.
         MGZ currently  offers both family games and games directed  towards the
         more  serious  gamer and,  at the same  time,  has the  opportunity  to
         leverage these experiences with games sold at retail.  At present,  MGZ
         offers  matchmaking  for about 80 games  and  offers  approximately  20
         playable  online  games,  which  consist  primarily  of card and parlor
         games.

Relationships with Significant Hardware Platform Companies

         Sony

         In fiscal 2000, approximately 41% of our net revenues were derived from
sales of software for the  PlayStation  compared to 43% in fiscal  1999.  During
fiscal 2000,  we released 30  PlayStation  games  compared to 21 in fiscal 1999.
Among these releases were FIFA 2000,  Tomorrow Never Dies,  Madden NFL 2000, NBA
2000 and  Knockout  Kings(TM)  2000.  The  volume  of  sales of our  PlayStation
products  significantly  increased  in  fiscal  2000  due to more  titles  being
released  in the  current  fiscal  year  compared  to the prior  year.  Sony has
announced  the  release of the  PlayStation  2 console in the United  States and
Europe in the fall of 2000.  Although our PlayStation  products will be playable
on the PlayStation 2 console, we expect sales of current PlayStation products to
decline in fiscal 2001.  See Risk Factors - "Product  development  schedules are
frequently unreliable and make predicting quarterly results difficult".

         Under  the  terms of a  licensing  agreement  entered  into  with  Sony
Computer  Entertainment  of  America  in July 1994 (the  "Sony  Agreement"),  as
amended,  we are authorized to develop and distribute CD-based software products
compatible with the PlayStation.  Pursuant to the Sony Agreement, we engage Sony
to supply its  PlayStation  CDs for  distribution  by us.  Accordingly,  we have
limited  ability to control our supply of  PlayStation CD products or the timing
of their  delivery.  See Risk Factors - "Our  platform  licensors  are our chief
competitors  and  frequently   control  the  manufacturing  of  our  video  game
products".

         Nintendo

         During fiscal 2000, we released eight titles for the N64(R) compared to
nine titles in fiscal 1999. In fiscal 2000, approximately 8% of our net revenues
were derived from the sale of N64 products compared to 12% in 1999. The decrease
in N64 revenues for fiscal 2000 compared to the same period last year was due to
the weak market for N64 products as well as strong  comparisons  of World Cup 98
in the prior year.  We expect  revenues from N64 products to continue to decline
significantly in fiscal 2001.

         Under the terms of the N64 Agreement, we engage Nintendo to manufacture
our N64 cartridges for distribution by us. Accordingly,  we have limited ability
to control  our supply of N64  cartridges  or the  timing of their  delivery.  A
shortage of  microchips  or other  factors  outside our control could impair our
ability to obtain an adequate supply of cartridges.

                                       7

<PAGE>


          In connection with our purchases of N64 cartridges for distribution in
North America,  Nintendo  requires us to provide  irrevocable  letters of credit
prior to Nintendo's acceptance of purchase orders from us for purchases of these
cartridges.  For  purchases  of N64  cartridges  for  distribution  in Japan and
Europe,  Nintendo  requires  us to make  cash  deposits.  Furthermore,  Nintendo
maintains a policy of not accepting returns of N64 cartridges.  Because of these
and  other  factors,   the  carrying  of  an  inventory  of  cartridges  entails
significant capital and risk. See Risk Factors - "Our platform licensors are our
chief  competitors and frequently  control the  manufacturing  of our video game
products".

Relationships with Internet Service Providers

         America Online, Inc. ("AOL")

         Our agreement with AOL establishes the basis for EA.com's creation of a
games site on the world wide web that will be available to AOL  subscribers  via
the Games Channel on the AOL's  flagship ISP service and to other  consumers who
use other AOL portals (AOL.com, CompuServe,  Netscape/Netcenter, ICQ and Digital
City) as their base for  navigating  the web.  Users will also be able to access
the  EA.com  website  directly  from the world  wide web.  EA.com  will be AOL's
exclusive  provider of a broad  aggregation of online games and will program and
manage all of the Games Channel content within AOL's flagship ISP service in the
United States. In addition,  EA.com will program and manage the game channels on
AOL.com,  CompuServe,  Netcenter/Netscape  and  ICQ.  Within  any of  these  AOL
properties,  users  will be able to find a  games  channel  or area  which  will
provide  the user  access to EA.com  games.  According  to the April  2000 Media
Metrix reports,  the total number of unique monthly  visitors to the AOL branded
properties that will have access to the EA.com games site was 53 million. Via an
anchor tenant location, EA.com will also be a non-exclusive provider of games on
AOL's Digital City  property,  the leading  branded  local  content  network and
community  guide on the AOL service and the  Internet.  For the terms of the AOL
agreement,  see  Note 5 of  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,
included in item 8 hereof.

Products and Product Development

         In fiscal 2000,  we generated  approximately  56% of our revenues  from
products  released  during the year.  See Risk  Factors -  "Product  development
schedules  are  frequently  unreliable  and make  predicting  quarterly  results
difficult".  As of March 31, 2000, we were actively  marketing  over 100 titles,
comprising  over 150 stock keeping units,  or sku's,  that were published by our
development  divisions  and  subsidiaries,  EA Studios.  During  fiscal 2000, we
introduced over 48 EA Studios titles, representing over 69 sku's, compared to 38
EA Studios titles, comprising over 59 sku's, in fiscal 1999.

         The  products  published  by EA Studios are designed and created by our
in-house   designers  and  artists  and  by  independent   software   developers
("independent  artists").  We typically pay the  independent  artists  royalties
based  on  the  sales  of the  specific  products,  as  defined  in the  related
independent artist agreements.

         For fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, no title  represented  revenues greater
than 10% of the total fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 net revenues.

         We publish  products in a number of categories  such as sports,  action
and interactive movies, strategy,  simulations, role playing and adventure, each
of which is becoming  increasingly  competitive.  Our  sports-related  products,
marketed under the EA Sports brand name, accounted for a significant  percentage
of net revenues in fiscal years 2000 and 1999. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to maintain our market share in the sports category.

         The front line retail  selling prices in North America of our products,
excluding  older  titles  (marketed as  "Classics"  and  "Publisher's  Choice"),
typically  range from  $35.00 to $55.00.  "Classics"  and  "Publisher's  Choice"
titles have retail selling  prices that range from $10.00 to $30.00.  The retail
selling  prices of EA titles outside of North America vary based on local market
conditions.

         We currently  develop or publish  products for five different  hardware
platforms.   In  fiscal  2000,  our  product  releases  were  predominantly  for
PlayStation,  PC and N64. Our planned product  introductions for fiscal 2001 are
predominantly for the PC,  PlayStation,  PlayStation 2, online Internet play and
N64. See Risk Factors - "Product development schedules are frequently unreliable
and make predicting  quarterly results  difficult" and "New video game platforms
create additional technical and business model uncertainties".

         Compact disks are the preferred  medium for interactive  entertainment,
education, and information software, therefore, we are continuing our investment
in the development of CD-ROM tools and  technologies in fiscal 2001. We are also
investing in the development of DVD tools and  technologies  associated with the
introduction of the next generation video game console platforms. Our goal is to
be the market leader on the next generation of video game consoles.  We are also
increasing  the  investment in the  development  of tools and  technologies  for
online Internet game play and wide-area network  infrastructure.  Our goal is to
be  the  leading   provider  of  interactive   entertainment  on  the  Internet.
PlayStation has achieved significant market acceptance in all geographic

                                       8

<PAGE>


territories, however, as the PlayStation console market has reached maturity, we
expect sales of current PlayStation  products to decline in fiscal 2001. Most of
the console video game products will be convertible for use on multiple advanced
hardware systems. We had research and development expenditures of $260.8 million
in fiscal  2000,  $199.1  million in fiscal 1999,  and $145.7  million in fiscal
1998.  See  Risk  Factors  -  "Product  development   schedules  are  frequently
unreliable and make predicting quarterly results difficult".

         EA.com Web Site

         Content. EA.com intends to offer games within three broad categories of
interest: sports, family entertainment, and avid gaming. Each channel will focus
on targeting and serving its specific consumer group by:

     o   Offering engaging and accessible online games;

     o   Building a community in which  consumers  can interact with one another
         via chat,  bulletin  boards,  events,  and  match-making  services  for
         multi-player games and other contests;

     o   Delivering innovative content that continually entertains; and

     o   Establishing a direct  relationship  with each audience  member through
         personalization and customization of user experiences.

         In addition,  the product  offering of each broad category will include
existing  Electronic Arts franchises  adapted for game play on the Internet,  as
well as additional  original  games for online play.  EA.com's  products will be
offered  to  consumers  within the  appropriate  "channels"  on the site.  It is
anticipated that the offerings will incorporate some or all of the following:

     o   Sports.   EA.com  intends  to  leverage   existing   Electronic   Arts'
         franchises,  such as  PGA(R)  Tour/Tiger  Woods  Golf(R)  and  Knockout
         Kings(TM), to develop a community of sports gamers. In addition, EA.com
         will offer unique,  original online sports gaming  experiences,  sports
         game shows and  support of existing EA  packaged  goods  products  with
         services such as matchmaking,  game updates, product downloads and game
         tips.

     o   Family Entertainment.  The EA.com family games offering will consist of
         card games,  board games,  casino games,  trivia games,  game shows and
         other products with mass-market appeal. This channel will leverage cash
         prizes, merchandise prizes, tournaments and community.

     o   Avid Gaming.  The general gaming offering will be directed at teens and
         adults  looking to  participate  in games made up of fantastic  worlds,
         characters,  adventures or  activities--big or small, real or imagined.
         This offering will feature immersive experiences and sophisticated game
         play  appealing  to  dedicated   gamers,   as  well  as  new  forms  of
         cutting-edge Internet  entertainment.  This offering will capitalize on
         the success of our existing Ultima Online product as well as Electronic
         Arts' existing packaged goods franchises.

Marketing and Distribution

         Electronic Arts Distribution

         We distribute EA Studio, Affiliated Label and Co-Published products.

         Affiliated  Label  products are delivered to us as completed  products.
Co-Published  products  are titles we have  assisted  in  developing  with other
software  publishers.  As of March 31, 2000,  we  distributed  approximately  20
Affiliated  Label  and  Co-Published  titles  in North  America  and over  1,000
Affiliated  Label and  Co-Published  titles in the rest of the world.  No single
Affiliated Label Publisher has accounted for more than 10% of our net revenue in
any of the last three fiscal years.

         In May 1998,  Electronic  Arts and Square Co., Ltd.  formed a new joint
venture in North America,  creating Square Electronic Arts, LLC ("Square EA") as
discussed  in note 13 in the  Notes to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,
included  in item 8 hereof.  In  conjunction  with the  formation  of this joint
venture,  we have the exclusive  right in North  America to distribute  products
published  by this joint  venture.  In fiscal 2000,  Square EA  published  Final
Fantasy  VIII for the  PlayStation,  which  was a top  five  selling  title  for
Electronic Arts.

         We generated  approximately 90% of our North American net revenues from
direct sales to retailers  through a field sales  organization of  professionals
and a group of telephone sales  representatives.  The remaining 10% of our North
American sales were made through a limited  number of  specialized  and regional
distributors and rack jobbers in markets where we believe direct sales would not
be economical.  For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000 and March 31, 1999, we
had sales to one customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., which represented 12% of total
net revenues.  We had no sales to any one customer in excess of 10% of total net
revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1998.

                                       9

<PAGE>


         The  video  game and PC  businesses  have  become  increasingly  "hits"
driven,   requiring   significantly   greater  expenditures  for  marketing  and
advertising,  particularly for television advertising. There can be no assurance
that we will  continue to produce  "hit"  titles,  or that  advertising  for any
product will increase sales sufficiently to recoup those advertising expenses.

         We have  stock-balancing  programs for our personal  computer  products
that, under certain  circumstances and up to a specified  amount,  allow for the
exchange of personal computer  products by resellers.  We also typically provide
for price  protection for our personal  computer and video game system  products
that,  under certain  conditions,  allows the reseller a price reduction from us
for unsold  products.  We  maintain a policy of  exchanging  products  or giving
credits, but do not give cash refunds. Moreover, the risk of product returns may
increase as new hardware  platforms  become more popular or market factors force
us to make changes in our distribution  system. We monitor and manage the volume
of our sales to retailers and distributors and their  inventories as substantial
overstocking  in the  distribution  channel  can  result in high  returns or the
requirement for substantial price protection in subsequent  periods.  We believe
that we provide  adequate  reserves for returns and price  protection  which are
based on estimated future returns of products,  taking into account  promotional
activities,  the timing of new product  introductions,  distributor and retailer
inventories of our products and other factors.  We believe our current  reserves
will be sufficient to meet return and price protection  requirements for current
in-channel inventory.  However, there can be no assurance that actual returns or
price protection will not exceed our reserves.

         We also  have a  fulfillment  group  that  sells  product  directly  to
consumers  through  a  toll-free  number  and  through  our  websites  listed in
advertising by us and our Affiliated Labels.  This group is also responsible for
targeted  direct mail  marketing and sells product  backups and  accessories  to
registered customers.

         The distribution  channels through which consumer software products are
sold have been characterized by change,  including  consolidations and financial
difficulties  of certain  distributors  and  retailers  and the emergence of new
retailers  such as general mass  merchandisers.  The  development  of remote and
electronic delivery systems will create further changes. The bankruptcy or other
business  difficulties  of a distributor  or retailer  could render our accounts
receivable from such entity uncollectible, which could have an adverse effect on
our operating results and financial condition. In addition, an increasing number
of companies are competing for access to these channels.  Our arrangements  with
our  distributors  and  retailers  may be terminated by either party at any time
without cause. Distributors and retailers often carry products that compete with
ours.  Retailers of our products  typically have a limited amount of shelf space
and promotional  resources for which there is intense competition.  There can be
no assurance  that  distributors  and  retailers  will  continue to purchase our
products  or  provide  our  products  with  adequate  levels of shelf  space and
promotional support.

Segment Reporting

As a result of the approval of the Tracking Stock proposal to authorize issuance
of a new series of common stock designated as Class B common stock,  intended to
reflect  the  performance  of  EA.com,  management  considers  EA.com a separate
reportable segment.  Accordingly,  prior period information has been restated to
disclose  separate  segments.  The Company  operates in two  principal  business
segments globally:

     o   EA Core  business  segment:  creation,  marketing and  distribution  of
         entertainment software.

     o   EA.com  business  segment:  creation,  marketing  and  distribution  of
         entertainment software which can be played or sold online.

Please see the discussion regarding segment reporting in the MD&A and Note 18 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

International Operations

         We have  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  throughout  the world,  including
offices in the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Germany, Australia,  Canada, South
Africa,  Singapore,  Sweden, Japan, Malaysia, Brazil and Holland. The amounts of
net revenues,  operating profit and identifiable  assets attributable to each of
our geographic  regions for each of the last three fiscal years are set forth in
Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  included in item
8 hereof.

         International net revenues increased by 11% to $573,374,000,  or 40% of
consolidated  fiscal  2000 net  revenues,  compared to  $516,865,000,  or 42% of
consolidated fiscal 1999 net revenues due to the following:

     o   Europe's net revenues  increased by 11% primarily due to an increase in
         sales of PC titles  including  Command and Conquer:  Tiberian  Sun, Sim
         City 3000 and The Sims as well as an increase in  PlayStation  revenues
         due to the success of FIFA 2000,

                                       10

<PAGE>


         Tomorrow Never Dies and F1 2000.  These increases were partially offset
         by an  expected  decline  in sales of N64  products.  Overall  European
         revenues were adversely  impacted by a devaluation of the Euro compared
         to the same period last year.

     o   Asia  Pacific's  net revenues  increased 20% due to PC sales of Command
         and Conquer: Tiberian Sun and Sim City 3000.

     o   Japan's net  revenues  were flat  compared  to the prior  year.  PC and
         Affiliated   Label  revenues   increased,   offset  by  a  decrease  in
         PlayStation  product sales  primarily due to strong sales of FIFA: Road
         to World Cup and World Cup 98 in the prior year.

         Though  international  revenues  are  expected to grow in fiscal  2001,
international  revenues  may not grow at as high a rate as in prior  years.  See
Risk Factors - "Our business,  our products, and our distribution are subject to
increasing  regulation  in key  territories"  and  "Foreign  Sales and  Currency
Fluctuations".

Manufacturing and Suppliers

         Materials

         In  many   instances,   we  are  able  to   acquire   materials   on  a
volume-discount  basis.  We have multiple  potential  sources of supply for most
materials,  except  with  respect  to  our  PlayStation  and  N64  products,  as
previously  mentioned.  We also have alternate  sources for the  manufacture and
assembly of most of our products.  To date, we have not experienced any material
difficulties  or delays in production of our software and related  documentation
and  packaging.  However,  a shortage of components or other factors  beyond our
control  could  impair our ability to  manufacture,  or have  manufactured,  our
products.  See Risk Factors - "Our platform  licensors are our chief competitors
and frequently control the manufacturing of our video game products".

         Consultants

         As of  March  31,  2000,  approximately  25%  of  the  staff  creating,
designing and  developing  the  infrastructure  of EA.com's  website and network
interface is being provided by outside  consultants such as Andersen  Consulting
and Proxicom.  See Risk Factors - "If we do not maintain our  relationship  with
outside  consultants  such as Andersen  Consulting and Proxicom,  our ability to
develop our online business will be impaired".

Backlog

         We normally ship products  within a few days after receipt of an order.
However,  a backlog may occur for EA Studio and  Affiliated  Label products that
have been announced for release but not yet shipped.  We do not consider backlog
to be an indicator of future performance.

Seasonality

         Our business is highly  seasonal.  We typically  experience our highest
revenues and profits in the calendar  year-end holiday season and a seasonal low
in revenues and profits in the quarter  ending in June. In our 2001 fiscal year,
and  particularly in the June and September  quarters,  we expect these seasonal
trends to be  magnified  by general  industry  factors,  including  the  current
platform  transition and the concentration of our product releases in the second
half of fiscal 2001. In addition,  we are continuing to invest  significantly in
our online  operation,  EA.com.  Accordingly,  we expect  significant  operating
losses  in the  first  half  of  fiscal  2001.  See  Risk  Factors  -  "Platform
transitions such as the one now occurring typically depress the market for video
game software  until new platforms  achieve a wide market  acceptance"  and "Our
business is both seasonal and cyclical".

Employees

         As of March 31, 2000, we employed  approximately  3,100 people, of whom
over  1,300  were  outside  the  United  States.  Of  this  amount,  there  were
approximately  300 EA.com  full-time  employees.  We believe that our ability to
attract and retain qualified  employees is an important factor in our growth and
development  and that our future success will depend,  in large measure,  on our
ability to continue to attract and retain qualified employees.  To date, we have
been  successful in recruiting  and  retaining  sufficient  numbers of qualified
personnel  to conduct our  business  successfully.  See Risk  Factors - "We face
intense  competition  for talent  from highly  valued  Internet  companies"  and
"Because of the intense competition for qualified technical, creative, marketing
and other  personnel,  we may not be able to attract  and  retain the  personnel
necessary for our business".

                                       11

<PAGE>


ITEM 2:  PROPERTIES

         Our  principal  administrative,   sales  and  marketing,  research  and
development,  and support facility is located in two modern buildings in Redwood
City, California,  20 miles south of San Francisco.  We moved into this facility
in October  1998.  We presently  occupy  approximately  350,000 sq. ft. in these
buildings under an operating lease for the buildings and certain  adjoining land
that will expire on December 1, 2001. Monthly lease payments vary based upon the
London  InterBank  Offered Rate. We have the option to purchase the property for
the  unamortized  financed  balance at any time after the  non-cancelable  lease
term, or we may terminate the lease at any time after the non-cancelable term by
arranging a third party sale or by making a termination  payment. In April 1999,
we exercised our option to purchase a parcel of land under the lease and sold it
to a third party.  The proceeds will  mitigate a portion of the occupancy  costs
for this facility.  Should we elect to terminate the lease,  we will guarantee a
residual value of up to 85% of the unamortized value of the property. As part of
the agreement, we must also comply with certain financial covenants.

         Our North American distribution is supported by a newly centralized and
expanded  warehouse  facility in Louisville,  Kentucky occupying 250,000 sq. ft.
The Hayward  distribution  center was closed in fiscal 2001 in conjunction  with
the expansion of our Louisville, Kentucky facility. We also occupy sales offices
in the metropolitan areas of Toronto, Chicago, Dallas and New York.

         In addition to our Redwood City  development  studio,  we own a 206,000
sq. ft.  development  facility in Burnaby,  British Columbia,  Canada and rent a
33,000 sq. ft.  facility in Seattle,  Washington.  The move to the new  Canadian
offices was  completed in June 1999.  We also own a 180,000 sq. ft.  development
facility in Austin, Texas, and lease development  facilities in Walnut Creek and
Carlsbad, California and Charlottesville, Virginia.

         We own a 101,000 sq.ft.  administrative and sales facility in Chertsey,
England,  which our  United  Kingdom  subsidiary  moved into in March  2000.  In
Europe,   we  also  lease  a  distribution  hub  in  Heerlen,   Holland  and  an
administrative   and  sales  facilities  in  Germany,   as  well  as  sales  and
distribution  facilities  in: Madrid,  Spain;  Johannesburg,  South Africa;  and
Sennwald  Switzerland.  Additionally,  we have sales and administrative  offices
throughout Europe.

         In Asia and the South  Pacific,  we maintain a 5,500 sq. ft.  sales and
distribution   facility  in  Brisbane,   Australia.   We  also  have  sales  and
distribution  facilities in Singapore,  Malaysia and Taiwan,  and representative
offices in Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai, China. We also maintain a 27,000 sq.
ft.  sales and  development  office in Tokyo,  Japan.  See Notes 4 and 11 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 hereof.

         We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current needs. We
believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed
to accommodate our future needs.

                                       12

<PAGE>


ITEM 3:  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         We are  subject to pending  claims and  litigation.  Management,  after
review and  consultation  with counsel,  considers  that any liability  from the
disposition of such lawsuits  would not have a material  adverse effect upon our
consolidated financial condition or results of operations.


ITEM 4:  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         At the Company's  Special  Meeting of  Stockholders,  held on March 22,
2000, the following matters were voted upon by the Stockholders:


Amendment and  Restatement of the Certificate of  Incorporation  (Tracking Stock
Proposal).

                                       Votes
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------
         For                           Against                       Abstain
      ----------                      ---------                     ---------
      44,913,392                      1,053,403                     6,989,594

To approve Electronic Arts Inc. 2000 Class B Equity Incentive Plan.


                                       Votes
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------
         For                           Against                       Abstain
      ----------                      ---------                     ---------
      30,491,221                      15,829,074                    6,636,094


To approve Electronic Arts Inc. 2000 Class A Equity Incentive Plan.

                                       Votes
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------
         For                           Against                       Abstain
      ----------                      ---------                     ---------
      36,883,249                      16,044,180                     28,960

                                       13

<PAGE>


ITEM 4A: EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         The  following  table sets forth  information  regarding  the executive
officers of Electronic  Arts,  who are chosen by and serve at the  discretion of
the Board of Directors:

                  Name                 Age                Position
                  ----                 ---                --------

         Lawrence F. Probst III        50        Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                    Officer
         Don A. Mattrick               36        President, Worldwide Studios
         John S. Riccitiello           40        President and Chief Operating
                                                    Officer
         William B. Gordon             50        Executive Vice President and
                                                    Chief Creative Officer
         E. Stanton McKee, Jr.         55        Executive Vice President and
                                                    Chief Financial and
                                                    Administrative Officer
         Nancy L. Smith                47        Executive Vice President and
                                                    General Manager, North
                                                    American Publishing
         Ruth A. Kennedy               45        Senior Vice President, General
                                                    Counsel and Secretary
         J. Russell Rueff, Jr.         38        Senior Vice President, Human
                                                    Resources
         David L. Carbone              49        Vice President, Finance


         Mr.  Probst has been a director of  Electronic  Arts since January 1991
and currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  He was elected as
Chairman  in July  1994.  Mr.  Probst  has  previously  served as  President  of
Electronic Arts; as Senior Vice President of EA  Distribution,  Electronic Arts'
distribution  division,  from January 1987 to January 1991;  and from  September
1984,  when he joined  Electronic  Arts,  until  December  1986,  served as Vice
President  of Sales.  Mr.  Probst  holds a B.S.  degree from the  University  of
Delaware.

         Mr.  Mattrick  has  served as  President  of  Worldwide  Studios  since
September  1997.  Prior to this, he served as Executive  Vice  President,  North
American Studios,  since October 1996. From July 1991 to October 1996, he served
as Senior Vice President,  North American Studios,  Vice President of Electronic
Arts and Executive Vice  President/General  Manager for EA Canada.  Mr. Mattrick
was founder and former chairman of Distinctive  Software Inc. from 1982 until it
was acquired by us in 1991.

         Mr.  Riccitiello  has served as President and Chief  Operating  Officer
since October 1997. Prior to joining  Electronic Arts, Mr. Riccitiello served as
President and Chief Executive  Officer of the worldwide  bakery division at Sara
Lee  Corporation.  Before  joining Sara Lee, he served as  President  and CEO of
Wilson  Sporting Goods Co. and has also held executive  management  positions at
Haagen-Dazs,  PepsiCo,  Inc. and The Clorox  Company.  Mr.  Riccitiello  holds a
degree in Economics and Marketing from the University of California, Berkeley.

         Mr. Gordon has served as Executive  Vice  President and Chief  Creative
Officer since March 1998.  Prior to this, he served as Executive Vice President,
Marketing  since  October  1995.  From August 1993 to October 1995, he served as
Executive  Vice  President  of EA  Studios  and  as  Senior  Vice  President  of
Entertainment  Production  since  February  1992.  He also served as Senior Vice
President of Marketing,  as General Manager of EA Studios,  as Vice President of
Marketing,  as  Director  of  Advertising  and as Vice  President  of our former
entertainment division while employed by us. Mr. Gordon holds a B.A. degree from
Yale University and an M.B.A. degree from Stanford University.

         Mr.  McKee  joined  Electronic  Arts in  March  1989  and is  currently
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative  Officer.  Prior
to October  1996,  he served as Senior Vice  President  and Chief  Financial and
Administrative  Officer.  Mr. McKee holds B.A. and M.B.A.  degrees from Stanford
University and is also a Certified Public Accountant.

         Ms. Smith has served as Executive Vice  President and General  Manager,
North  American  Publishing  since  March  1998.  Prior to this,  she  served as
Executive  Vice  President,   North  American  Sales  since  October  1996.  She
previously  held the position of

                                       14

<PAGE>


Senior Vice President of North American Sales and Distribution from July 1993 to
October  1996 and as Vice  President  of Sales from 1988 to 1993.  Ms. Smith has
also served as Western  Regional  Sales Manager and National Sales Manager since
she joined  Electronic Arts in 1984. Ms. Smith holds a B.S. degree in management
and organizational behavior from the University of San Francisco.

         Ms.  Kennedy has been employed by Electronic  Arts since February 1990.
She served as Corporate  Counsel  until March 1991 and is currently  Senior Vice
President,  General Counsel and Secretary.  Prior to October 1996, she served as
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Ms. Kennedy was elected Secretary
in September  1994.  Ms. Kennedy is a member of the State Bars of California and
New York and received her B.A.  degree from William  Smith College and her Juris
Doctor from the State University of New York.

         Mr. Rueff has served as Senior Vice President of Human  Resources since
October of 1998.  Prior to  joining  Electronic  Arts,  Mr.  Rueff held  various
positions  with  the  PepsiCo  companies  for  over 10  years,  including:  Vice
President,   International  Human  Resources;   Vice  President,   Staffing  and
Resourcing  at  Pepsi-Cola  International;   Vice  President,  Restaurant  Human
Resources for Pizza Hut; and also various other management  positions within the
Frito-Lay Company. Mr. Rueff holds a M.S. degree in Counseling and a B.A. degree
in Radio and Television from Purdue University in Indiana.

         Mr. Carbone has been with  Electronic  Arts since February 1991 as Vice
President,  Finance.  He was elected Assistant Secretary of the Company in March
1991. Mr. Carbone holds a B.S. degree in accounting from King's College and is a
Certified Public Accountant.

                                       15

<PAGE>


                                     PART II

ITEM 5:  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Our Common Stock is traded on the National  Market under the symbol "ERTS".  The
following  table sets forth the  quarterly  high and low closing sales prices of
our  Common  Stock  from  April 1, 1998  through  March 31,  2000.  Such  prices
represent   prices  between  dealers  and  does  not  include  retail  mark-ups,
mark-downs or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

                                                         Closing Sales Prices
                                                       -------------------------
                                                          High            Low
                                                       ----------      ---------
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 1999:

First Quarter                                          $    54.81      $   41.63
Second Quarter                                              55.56          38.13
Third Quarter                                               56.00          33.88
Fourth Quarter                                              52.19          38.25

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2000:

First Quarter                                          $    54.81      $   45.63
Second Quarter                                              76.19          52.88
Third Quarter                                              120.94          66.44
Fourth Quarter                                             102.19          69.00


There were  approximately  2000 holders of record of our Common Stock as of June
1, 2000. We believe that a significant number of beneficial owners of our Common
Stock hold their shares in street names.

         Dividend Policy

         We have not paid any cash dividends and do not  anticipate  paying cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.

                                       16

<PAGE>


ITEM 6:  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
SELECTED FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL DATA
Years Ended March 31 (In thousands, except per share data)

<CAPTION>
INCOME STATEMENT DATA                                    2000              1999              1998             1997          1996
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>           <C>
Net revenues                                      $ 1,420,011       $ 1,221,863       $   908,852      $   673,028   $   587,299
Cost of goods sold                                    705,808           627,823           481,233          328,943       291,491
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                          714,203           594,040           427,619          344,085       295,808
Operating expenses:
   Marketing and sales                                188,628           163,407           128,308          102,072        85,771
   General and administrative                          92,502            76,219            57,838           48,489        37,711
   Research and development                           260,759           199,141           145,732          130,755       108,043
   Charge for acquired in-process technology            6,539            44,115             1,500             --           2,232
   Merger costs                                          --                --              10,792             --            --
   Amortization of intangibles                         11,989             5,880              --               --            --
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                              560,417           488,762           344,170          281,316       233,757
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income                                      153,786           105,278            83,449           62,769        62,051
Interest and other income, net                         16,028            13,180            24,811           13,279         7,514
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before provision for income taxes and
   minority interest                                  169,814           118,458           108,260           76,048        69,565
Provision for income taxes                             52,642            45,414            35,726           26,003        22,584
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before minority interest                       117,172            73,044            72,534           50,045        46,981
Minority interest in consolidated
  joint venture                                          (421)             (172)               28            1,282          (304)
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                        $   116,751(a)    $    72,872(b)    $    72,562(c)   $    51,327   $    46,677(d)
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per share amounts:
     Basic                                        $      1.86(a)    $      1.20(b)    $      1.23(c)   $      0.89   $      0.84(d)
     Diluted                                      $      1.76(a)    $      1.15(b)    $      1.19(c)   $      0.86   $      0.80(d)
Number of shares used in computation:
     Basic                                             62,830            60,748            58,867           57,544        55,685
     Diluted                                           66,371            63,272            60,958           59,557        58,190


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET DATA AT FISCAL YEAR END
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term
  investments                                     $   339,804       $   312,822       $   374,560      $   268,141   $   190,873
Marketable securities                                     236             4,884             3,721            5,548        37,869
Working capital                                       440,021           333,256           408,098          284,863       247,001
Long-term investments                                   8,400            18,400            24,200           34,478        30,319
Total assets                                        1,192,312           901,873           745,681          584,041       489,496
Total liabilities                                     265,302           236,209           181,713          136,237       108,668
Minority interest                                       3,617             2,733              --                 28         1,277
Total stockholders' equity                            923,393           662,931           563,968          447,776       379,551


Note:  The selected  five-year  financial  data has been restated to reflect the
acquisition of Maxis, Inc. which was accounted for as a pooling of interest.

<FN>
(a)  Net income and net income per share include  one-time  acquisition  related
     charges of $4.5  million,  net of taxes,  incurred in  connection  with the
     acquisition of Kesmai and other business  combinations made during the year
     as well as goodwill amortization of $8.3 million, net of taxes.

(b)  Net income and net income per share include  one-time  acquisition  related
     charges of $37.5  million,  net of taxes,  incurred in connection  with the
     acquisition of Westwood Studios and other business combinations made during
     the year as well as goodwill amortization of $4.0 million, net of taxes.

(c)  Net income and net income per share include  one-time  acquisition  related
     charges of $1.0  million,  net of taxes,  incurred in  connection  with the
     acquisition of the remaining minority ownership interest in Electronic Arts
     Victor,  Inc.  as well as  merger  costs  of $7.2  million,  net of  taxes,
     associated with the merger with Maxis, offset by a one-time gain on sale of
     Creative Wonders, LLC in the amount of $8.5 million, net of taxes.

(d)  Net income and net income per share include  one-time  acquisition  related
     charges of $1.5  million,  net of taxes,  incurred in  connection  with the
     acquisition  of  Cinematronics  LLC made by Maxis prior to the Maxis merger
     with Electronic Arts.
</FN>
</TABLE>

Please refer to Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations for discussions of EA Core and EA.com  proforma  financial
statements.

                                       17

<PAGE>
ITEM 7:  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

The following  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" contains  forward-looking  statements about circumstances
that have not yet occurred. All statements, trend analysis and other information
contained below relating to markets, our products and trends in revenue, as well
as other statements including words such as "anticipate",  "believe" or "expect"
and  statements  in the  future  tense  are  forward-looking  statements.  These
forward-looking statements are subject to business and economic risks and actual
events or our actual future results could differ materially from those set forth
in the forward-looking  statements due to such risks and uncertainties.  We will
not necessarily update information if any forward-looking  statement later turns
out to be inaccurate. Risks and uncertainties that may affect out future results
and  performance  include,  but are not  limited  to those  discussed  under the
heading "Risk Factors" at pages 36 to 41 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Comparison of Fiscal 2000 to 1999:

Revenues

We derive revenues  primarily from shipments of  entertainment  software,  which
includes EA Studio  products for dedicated  entertainment  systems (that we call
video game systems or consoles such as  PlayStation  and Nintendo 64), EA Studio
personal  computer  products (or PC), and Affiliated Label (or AL) products that
are published by third parties and  distributed or  co-published  by us. We also
derive  revenues  from  licensing  of EA Studio  products and  Affiliated  Label
products through hardware companies (or OEMs) and online subscription revenues.

<TABLE>
Information  about our net  revenues  for North  America and  foreign  areas for
fiscal 2000 and 1999 is summarized below (in thousands):
<CAPTION>
                                      2000                  1999              Increase          % change
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>                   <C>                   <C>                     <C>
North America                   $  846,637            $  704,998            $  141,639              20.1%
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Europe                             492,430               443,937                48,493              10.9%
Asia Pacific                        47,573                39,560                 8,013              20.3%
Japan                               33,371                33,368                     3               0.0%
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
International                      573,374               516,865                56,509              10.9%
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Net Revenues       $1,420,011            $1,221,863            $  198,148              16.2%
                                ===========================================================================
</TABLE>
North America Net Revenues

The increase in North  America net  revenues for fiscal 2000  compared to fiscal
1999 was primarily attributable to:

 o       A 52%  increase  in PC  revenues  due to strong  sales of  Command  and
         Conquer:  Tiberian  Sun,  Sim City 3000 as well as the  fourth  quarter
         shipment of The Sims in fiscal 2000.

 o       A 20%  increase in  PlayStation  revenues  due to more titles  released
         during  fiscal 2000  including  Madden NFL 2000,  NBA 2000 and Tomorrow
         Never Dies as compared to fiscal 1999.

 o       A 17% increase in AL revenues  primarily  due to the shipment of titles
         published  by Square EA offset by the loss of an  affiliate,  Accolade,
         due to its  acquisition  by a third  party in the first  quarter of the
         current fiscal year.

 o       These increases were partially  offset by an expected  decline in sales
         of Nintendo 64 ("N64") products.

International Net Revenues

The increase in  international  net revenues for fiscal 2000  compared to fiscal
1999 was attributable to the following:

 o       Europe's net revenues  increased by 11% primarily due to an increase in
         sales of PC titles  including  Command and Conquer:  Tiberian  Sun, Sim
         City 3000 and The Sims as well as an increase in  PlayStation  revenues
         due to the success of FIFA 2000, Tomorrow Never Dies and F1 2000. These
         increases were partially  offset by an expected decline in sales of N64
         products.  Overall  European  revenues  were  adversely  impacted  by a
         devaluation of the Euro compared to the same period last year.

                                       18
<PAGE>
 o       Asia  Pacific's  net revenues  increased 20% due to PC sales of Command
         and Conquer: Tiberian Sun and Sim City 3000.

 o       Japan's net  revenues  were flat  compared  to the prior  year.  PC and
         Affiliated   Label  revenues   increased,   offset  by  a  decrease  in
         PlayStation  product sales  primarily due to strong sales of FIFA: Road
         to World Cup and World Cup 98 in the prior year.

<TABLE>
Information  about our net  revenues by product line for fiscal 2000 and 1999 is
presented below (in thousands):
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Increase/
                                        2000                 1999           (Decrease)            % change
                                  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>                      <C>
EA Studio:
PlayStation                       $  586,821           $  519,830           $   66,991               12.9%
PC                                   397,777              270,793              126,984               46.9%
N64                                  120,415              152,349              (31,934)             (21.0)%
Online Subscriptions                  16,771               12,570                4,201               33.4%
License, OEM and Other                22,894               18,216                4,678               25.7%
                                  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   1,144,678              973,758              170,920               17.6%
Affiliated Label:                    275,333              248,105               27,228               11.0%
                                  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Net Revenues         $1,420,011           $1,221,863           $  198,148               16.2%
                                  ==========================================================================
</TABLE>

Personal Computer Product Net Revenues

We released 31 PC titles in fiscal 2000 compared to 29 PC titles in fiscal 1999.
The worldwide increase in sales of PC revenues was primarily  attributable to an
increase in sales in North  America and Europe due to the success of Command and
Conquer:  Tiberian  Sun  released  in the  second  quarter  of  fiscal  2000 and
continued  strong  catalog sales of Sim City 3000 released in the fourth quarter
of fiscal  1999.  Other key titles in the current year include The Sims and FIFA
2000.

We expect  revenues from PC products to grow in fiscal 2001, but as revenues for
these products increase, they may not grow at the current rate.

PlayStation Product Net Revenues

We released 30 new  PlayStation  titles in fiscal 2000  compared to 21 in fiscal
1999. The increase in PlayStation  product sales was attributable to more titles
released in the current  fiscal year compared to the same period last year.  Key
releases for the year include FIFA 2000,  Tomorrow Never Dies,  Madden NFL 2000,
NBA 2000 and Knockout Kings(TM) 2000.

Sony has announced the release of the PlayStation 2 console in the United States
and  Europe  in the fall of 2000.  Although  our  PlayStation  products  will be
playable on the  PlayStation 2 console,  we expect sales of current  PlayStation
products to decline in fiscal 2001.

Under the  terms of a  licensing  agreement  entered  into  with  Sony  Computer
Entertainment of America in July 1994 (the "Sony Agreement"), as amended, we are
authorized  to develop and  distribute  software  products  compatible  with the
PlayStation.  Pursuant  to the Sony  Agreement,  we engage  Sony to  manufacture
PlayStation Compact Disks for distribution by us.  Accordingly,  we have limited
ability to control  our supply of  PlayStation  products  or the timing of their
delivery.

Affiliated Label Product Net Revenues

AL product sales increased due to higher sales in North America. The increase in
Affiliated  Label revenues  compared to the same period last year was due to the
distribution of titles by Square EA, including Final Fantasy(R) VIII,  partially
offset by the termination of our distribution agreement with Accolade, which was
acquired by a third party.

N64(R) Product Net Revenues

The  expected  decrease in N64  revenues  for fiscal  2000  compared to the same
period last year was due to the weak  market for N64  products as well as strong
comparisons  of World Cup 98 in the prior  year.  We  released  eight  titles in
fiscal 2000,  including WCW(TM) Mayhem,  compared to nine titles in fiscal 1999.
We expect revenues from N64 products to decline significantly in fiscal 2001.

Under the terms of the N64 Agreement,  we engage Nintendo to manufacture our N64
cartridges  for  distribution  by us.  Accordingly,  we have  little  ability to
control our supply of N64 cartridges or the timing of their delivery. A shortage
of microchips  or other factors  outside our control could impair our ability to
obtain an adequate supply of cartridges.

                                       19
<PAGE>


In connection  with our purchases of N64  cartridges for  distribution  in North
America,  Nintendo requires us to provide irrevocable letters of credit prior to
Nintendo's  acceptance  of  purchase  orders  from  us for  purchases  of  these
cartridges.  For  purchases  of N64  cartridges  for  distribution  in Japan and
Europe,  Nintendo  requires  us to make  cash  deposits.  Furthermore,  Nintendo
maintains a policy of not accepting returns of N64 cartridges.  Because of these
and  other  factors,   the  carrying  of  an  inventory  of  cartridges  entails
significant capital and risk.

Online Subscription Revenues

Online  subscription  revenues are revenues  collected for Internet game play on
our  websites.  The  increase in online  revenues for fiscal 2000 as compared to
fiscal 1999 was attributable to the following:

 o       The average number of paying  customers for Ultima Online  increased to
         over  140,000 for fiscal  2000 as  compared  to over  105,000 in fiscal
         1999.

 o       The increase in paying  customers was due to continued  strong sales of
         Ultima Online,  the addition of new events within the Ultima worlds and
         the  release  of Ultima  Online:  The Second  Age(TM) in October  1998.
         Ultima  Online:  The Second Age added  features  including  new worlds,
         monsters and an in-game chat feature.

 o       We established  servers for Ultima Online in Europe in June 1999 and in
         Japan in October 1998.  This local dial-in  capability  resulted in new
         customers  in those  territories  for the fiscal  2000,  as compared to
         fiscal 1999.

License, OEM and Other Revenues

The  increase  in  license,  OEM and other  revenues  was  primarily  due to the
following:

 o       License/OEM  revenues  increased due to the sales of  Gameboy(R)  Color
         titles in the current fiscal year.

 o       Other revenues decreased primarily due to decreases in 32-bit products,
         other than PlayStation,  as we are no longer publishing games for those
         platforms.

Operations by Segment

As a result of the  approval  of the  Tracking  Stock  proposal  (see Note 2) to
authorize  issuance of a new series of common stock designated as Class B common
stock,  intended  to reflect the  performance  of EA.com,  management  considers
EA.com a separate reportable segment. Accordingly,  prior period information has
been  restated to disclose this  separate  segment.  We operate in two principal
business segments globally:

 o       Electronic Arts core ("EA Core") business segment: creation,  marketing
         and distribution of entertainment software.

 o       EA.com  business  segment:  creation,  marketing  and  distribution  of
         entertainment software which can be played or sold online.

EA.com, a division of Electronic Arts Inc.,  represents  Electronic Arts' online
and e-Commerce  businesses.  EA.com's  business includes  subscription  revenues
collected for Internet game play on our  websites,  sales of packaged  goods for
Internet-only based games and sales of Electronic Arts games sold through EA.com
websites.  The  statement of income  includes  all  revenues and costs  directly
attributable to EA.com,  including charges for shared facilities,  functions and
services  used by EA.com and  provided by  Electronic  Arts.  Certain  costs and
expenses  have been  allocated  based on  management's  estimates of the cost of
services provided to EA.com by Electronic Arts.

                                       20

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
Information  about  our  operations  by  segment  for  fiscal  2000  and 1999 is
presented below (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                         Year Ended March 31, 2000
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          EA Core                     Adjustments and          Electronic
                                                    (excl. EA.com)        EA.com         Eliminations                Arts
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>               <C>               <C>                  <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers              $ 1,399,093       $    20,918       $      --            $ 1,420,011
Group sales                                                 2,014              --              (2,014)(a)             --
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                               1,401,107            20,918            (2,014)           1,420,011
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers            700,024             5,784              --                705,808
Group cost of goods sold                                     --               2,014            (2,014)                --
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                           700,024             7,798            (2,014)             705,808
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                              701,083            13,120              --                714,203
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                   185,714             2,914              --                188,628
    General and administrative                             87,513             4,989              --                 92,502
    Research and development                              205,933            34,775            20,051(b)           260,759
     Network development and support                         --              20,051           (20,051)                --
    Charge for acquired in-process technology               2,670             3,869              --                  6,539
    Amortization of intangibles                            10,866             1,123              --                 11,989
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                  492,696            67,721              --                560,417
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                   208,387           (54,601)             --                153,786
Interest and other income, net                             16,017                11              --                 16,028
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                         224,404           (54,590)             --                169,814
Provision for income taxes                                 52,642              --                --                 52,642
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                    171,762           (54,590)             --                117,172
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture              (421)             --                --                   (421)
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                     $   171,341       $   (54,590)      $      --            $   116,751
                                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 21

<PAGE>


                                                                          Year Ended March 31, 1999
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  EA Core                      Adjustments and           Electronic
                                                            (excl. EA.com)            EA.com      Eliminations                 Arts
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                       $ 1,204,689       $    17,174       $      --            $ 1,221,863
Group sales                                                            985              --                (985)(a)             --
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                        1,205,674            17,174              (985)           1,221,863
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers                     624,252             3,571              --                627,823
Group cost of goods sold                                              --                 985              (985)                --
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                                    624,252             4,556              (985)             627,823
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                       581,422            12,618              --                594,040
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                            161,029             2,378              --                163,407
    General and administrative                                      74,995             1,224              --                 76,219
    Research and development                                       181,245             8,050             9,846(b)           199,141
    Network development and support                                   --               9,846            (9,846)                --
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                       44,115              --                --                 44,115
    Amortization of intangibles                                      5,880              --                --                  5,880
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                           467,264            21,498              --                488,762
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                            114,158            (8,880)             --                105,278
Interest and other income, net                                      13,180              --                --                 13,180
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                                  127,338            (8,880)             --                118,458
Provision for income taxes                                          45,414              --                --                 45,414
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                              81,924            (8,880)             --                 73,044
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                       (172)             --                --                   (172)
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                              $    81,752       $    (8,880)      $      --            $    72,872
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
(a)      Represents   elimination  of  intercompany  sales  of  Electronic  Arts
         packaged  goods  products  to EA.com;  and  represents  elimination  of
         royalties paid to Electronic Arts by EA.com for  intellectual  property
         rights.

(b)      Represents  reclassification  of  Network  Development  and  Support to
         Research and Development.
</FN>
</TABLE>

The  increase in net  revenues  for EA.com for fiscal 2000 as compared to fiscal
1999 was attributable to the following:

 o       Higher online revenues from increased subscriptions to Ultima Online.

 o       Higher internet-based e-Commerce revenues.

 o       Partially  offset by lower Ultima Online packaged  product revenues due
         to the decrease in the average selling price.

                                       22

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
The following table presents  pro-forma  results of operations  allocating taxes
between EA Core and EA.com.  Consolidated  taxes have been  allocated to EA Core
and EA.com on a pro rata basis based on the  consolidated  effective  tax rates,
thereby  giving  EA.com the tax  benefit of its losses  which is utilized by the
consolidated  group.  Such tax benefit  could not be  recognized  by EA.com on a
stand-alone basis. The sum of tax expense and tax benefit for EA Core and EA.com
is the same as  consolidated  tax  expense.  This  presentation  represents  how
management analyzes each segment of the business (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year Ended March 31, 2000
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                               EA Core                   Adjustments and     Electronic
                                                          excl. EA.com)            EA.com   Eliminations           Arts
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>               <C>         <C>
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                             $ 224,404         $ (54,590)        $--         $ 169,814
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                             69,565           (16,923)         --            52,642
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                          154,839           (37,667)         --           117,172
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                    (421)             --            --              (421)
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                             $ 154,418         $ (37,667)        $--         $ 116,751
                                                              ---------------------------------------------------------


                                                                           Year Ended March 31, 1999
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               EA Core                   Adjustments and     Electronic
                                                          excl. EA.com)         EA.com      Eliminations           Arts
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                           $ 127,338          $  (8,880)         $--         $ 118,458
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                           48,256             (2,842)          --            45,414
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                         79,082             (6,038)          --            73,044
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                  (172)              --             --              (172)
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                           $  78,910          $  (6,038)         $--         $  72,872
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Costs and Expenses, Interest and Other Income, Net, Income Taxes and Net Income

Information about our costs and expenses, interest and other income, net, income
taxes and net income for fiscal 2000 and 1999 is presented below:

                                                               Percent of Net
                                                                  Revenues
                                                              ----------------
                                                              2000        1999
                                                              ----        ----
Cost of goods sold                                            49.7%       51.4%
Marketing and sales                                           13.3        13.4
General and administrative                                     6.5         6.2
Research and development (includes network
development and support)                                      18.4        16.3
Charge for acquired in-
   process technology                                          0.5         3.6
Amortization of intangibles                                    0.8         0.5
Interest and other income, net                                 1.1         1.1
Income taxes - effective tax rate                             31.0        38.3
Net income                                                     8.2%        6.0%

Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues  decreased in
fiscal 2000 due to:

 o       An  increase  in sales of higher  margin PC titles as a  percentage  of
         revenues.

 o       An increase in sales of higher margin AL co-published titles which make
         up a greater amount of total AL revenues as compared to the prior year.

                                       23

<PAGE>


 o       A decrease in sales of lower margin N64 titles.

 o       Higher average margin for PC sales due to higher percentage of revenues
         from internally developed and Intellectual  Property owned titles, such
         as Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun, Sim City 3000 and The Sims.

 o       Partially  offset  by a  decrease,  as a  percentage  of  revenues,  of
         PlayStation products.

Marketing and Sales.  Marketing and sales expenses increased in absolute dollars
by 15% primarily attributed to:

 o       Increased  print,  Internet and  television  advertising to support new
         releases.

 o       Increased  cooperative  advertising  associated with higher revenues in
         North America and Europe as compared to the prior year.

 o       Additional   headcount  related  to  the  continued  expansion  of  our
         worldwide distribution business.

General and  Administrative.  General and  administrative  expenses increased in
absolute dollars by 21% primarily due to:

 o       An increase in payroll and  occupancy  costs to support the increase in
         growth in North America and Europe.

 o       Increased  general  and  administrative  spending  for  EA.com.  EA.com
         expanded its staff and incurred additional administrative related costs
         required to support  growth of the business.  We anticipate a continued
         increase in the absolute  dollars  spent on general and  administrative
         related expenses for EA.com.

Research and  Development.  The increase in absolute dollars by 31% for research
and development expenses (including Network Development and Support) was due to:

 o       Increased  research  and  development   spending  due  to  the  ongoing
         investment  in our  online  business.  EA.com  increased  the number of
         online  projects in development  and increased  development  staff.  We
         believe that continued spending for EA.com game development is critical
         to the  growth of the  business  and to meet  certain  targeted  launch
         commitments.  EA.com  intends to increase the number of online games in
         development  and  significantly  increase  development  and  production
         staff. As a result,  research and development  expenses are expected to
         increase in absolute dollars.

 o       Additional  headcount-related  expenses  attributable  to the increased
         in-house  development  capacity and a higher number of SKUs released in
         fiscal 2000.

 o       An  increase  in  development  spending  for  next  generation  console
         products including development for the PlayStation 2 console.

We released a total of 69 new  products in fiscal 2000  compared to 59 in fiscal
1999.

Network Development and Support. The increase in network development and support
expenses was due to:

 o       The ongoing investment in our online business.

 o       EA.com's  network and  development  support  expenses  increased due to
         increased  spending for network  infrastructure  in preparation for new
         online  products  and the EA.com game site.  In  addition,  we incurred
         higher  infrastructure  costs related to increased  server capacity for
         Ultima  Online,  allowing  EA.com  to serve a higher  number  of active
         subscribers.

We expect  network  development  and  support  expenses  to increase in absolute
dollars in the future.

Charge for Acquired In-Process Technology.

Fiscal 2000:

 o       In connection  with the  acquisition  of Kesmai by EA.com in the fourth
         fiscal quarter of fiscal 2000, we allocated and expensed  $3,869,000 of
         the  purchase  price to  acquired  in-process  technology.  Kesmai  had
         various projects in progress at the time of the acquisition.  As of the
         acquisition  date,  costs to complete  Kesmai  projects  acquired  were
         expected to be approximately  $10,550,000 in future periods. We believe
         there have been no significant  changes to these  estimates as of March
         31, 2000.  We currently  expect to complete  the  development  of these
         projects  at various  dates  through  fiscal  2002 and to  publish  the
         projects upon completion.  In conjunction with the merger of Kesmai, we
         accrued approximately  $200,000 related to direct transaction and other
         related  costs.  At March 31,  2000 there  were  $133,000  in  accruals
         remaining related to these items.

 o       In connection with the acquisitions of two development  companies by EA
         Core, made in the 2nd and 4th quarters of fiscal 2000, we allocated and
         expensed  $2,670,000  of the  purchase  price  to  acquired  in-process
         technology.

Fiscal 1999:

 o       In connection  with the acquisition of Westwood by EA Core in September
         1998, we allocated and expensed  $41,836,000  of the purchase  price to
         acquired in-process technology.

 o       Additionally,  in  connection  with  the  acquisition  of two  software
         development  companies by EA Core, in the first quarter of fiscal 1999,
         we  incurred  a total  charge of  $2,279,000  for  acquired  in-process
         technology.

                                       24

<PAGE>


These charges were made after we concluded  that the  in-process  technology had
not reached  technological  feasibility and had no alternative  future use after
taking into  consideration  the potential for usage of the software in different
products and resale of the software.

Amortization of Intangibles.  The amortization of intangibles  results primarily
from the acquisitions of Westwood,  Kesmai,  ABC Software and other acquisitions
made in fiscal 2000. Amortization of intangibles was $10,866,000 for EA Core and
$1,123,000 for EA.com.

Interest and Other Income,  Net.  Interest and other income,  net,  increased in
absolute  dollars  primarily  due to  realized  gains  on  sales  of  marketable
securities  and the sale of our  interest  in an  affiliate.  Those  gains  were
partially  offset by a write-off of a note  receivable  from an affiliate in the
current year as well as a gain on sale of land recognized in the prior year.

Income  Taxes.  Our  effective  tax rate was 31.0% for fiscal 2000 and 38.3% for
fiscal 1999.  The  effective tax rate was lower than the  comparable  prior year
period  (excluding  the  effect  of the  one-time  charges  in the  prior  year)
primarily  as a result of a higher  portion of  international  income for fiscal
2000  subject to a lower  foreign tax rate as  compared  to the prior year.  Our
effective tax rate for fiscal 1999 was  negatively  affected as there was no tax
benefit recorded for a portion of the charges related to the acquired in-process
technology.  Excluding the effect of these  charges,  the effective tax rate for
fiscal 1999 would have been 32.0%.

Net Income. In absolute dollars,  reported net income increased by 60% primarily
related to higher revenues and gross profits as compared to the same period last
year.  The increase was also due to  significant  one-time  charges for acquired
in-process  technology in the prior year.  This was  partially  offset by higher
costs  incurred by EA.com for the  development of online  projects,  the network
infrastructure development and higher infrastructure costs for Ultima Online and
Ultima  Online:  The Second Age.  Excluding  the  one-time  charges  relating to
acquired in-process technology of $4,512,000, net of taxes, in the current year,
net income would have been $121,263,000. Excluding the one-time charges relating
to acquired  in-process  technology  of  $37,506,000,  net of taxes in the prior
year, net income would have been $110,378,000.

Excluding  one-time  charges  related  to  acquired  in-process  technology  and
goodwill amortization,  net income would have been $129,535,000 for fiscal 2000.
Excluding  one-time  charges  relating to  acquired  in-process  technology  and
goodwill amortization, net income would have been $114,376,000 for fiscal 1999.

Comparison of Fiscal 1999 to 1998:

Revenues

Information  about our net  revenues  for North  America and  foreign  areas for
fiscal 1999 and 1998 is summarized below (in thousands):

                                                           Increase/
                                      1999         1998   (Decrease)    % change
                                ------------------------------------------------
North America                   $  704,998   $  519,423   $  185,575      35.7%
                                ------------------------------------------------

Europe                             443,937      325,938      117,999      36.2%
Asia Pacific                        39,560       41,494       (1,934)     (4.7)%
Japan                               33,368       21,997       11,371      51.7%
                                ------------------------------------------------
International                      516,865      389,429      127,436      32.7%
                                ------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Net Revenues       $1,221,863   $  908,852   $  313,011      34.4%
                                ================================================


North America Net Revenues

The increase in North America net revenues was mainly attributable to:

 o       Strong  growth  in N64  and  PlayStation  systems.  Net  revenues  from
         PlayStation  and N64  increased  51% due to a larger market and greater
         installed  base for these  platforms as well as more title releases for
         N64 in comparison to the prior year.

 o       AL sales  increased 53% compared to the prior year primarily due to the
         distribution of products published by Square EA.

 o       PC revenues increased 11% due to key title releases during the year.

                                       25

<PAGE>


International Net Revenues

The increase in  international  net revenues for fiscal 1999  compared to fiscal
1998 was attributable to the following:

 o       Europe's net revenues  increased  primarily due to an increase in sales
         of PlayStation and Affiliated Label products.

 o       Japan's net revenues increased primarily due to the sales of FIFA: Road
         to World Cup 98.

 o       Offset by a decrease in Asia  Pacific net  revenues due to the weakness
         in Asian currencies. In local currency, in spite of weak economies, net
         revenues for Asia Pacific increased compared to the prior year.

<TABLE>
Information  about our net  revenues by product line for fiscal 1999 and 1998 is
presented below (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Increase/
                                                1999                 1998        (Decrease)       % change
                                   ------------------ -------------------- ----------------- --------------
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>               <C>               <C>
EA Studio:
PlayStation                                $ 519,830             $380,299          $139,531          36.7%
PC                                           270,793              231,034            39,759          17.2%
N64                                          152,349               56,677            95,672         168.8%
Online subscriptions                          12,570                4,451             8,119         182.4%
License, OEM and Other                        18,216               50,526           (32,310)        (63.9)%
                                   ------------------ -------------------- ----------------- --------------
                                             973,758              722,987           250,771          34.7%
Affiliated Label:                            248,105              185,865            62,240          33.5%
                                   ------------------ -------------------- ----------------- --------------
Consolidated Net Revenues                 $1,221,863             $908,852          $313,011          34.4%
                                   ================== ==================== ================= ==============
</TABLE>


PlayStation Product Net Revenues

We released 21 new  PlayStation  titles in fiscal 1999  compared to 25 in fiscal
1998. The increase in PlayStation  product sales was attributable to the greater
installed base of  PlayStation  game consoles and the releases of key titles for
this platform including FIFA 99, World Cup 98 and Madden NFL 99.

Personal Computer Product Net Revenues

We released 29 PC titles in fiscal 1999 compared to 30 PC titles in fiscal 1998.
The worldwide increase in sales of PC products was primarily  attributable to an
increase in sales in Europe and North America due to the related releases of key
titles for this platform including SimCity 3000.

N64 Product Net Revenues

The increase in N64 revenues was primarily  due to more title  releases for this
platform  compared to the prior year and a larger N64 market.  We released  nine
titles in fiscal 1999,  including NASCAR(R) 99, compared to two titles in fiscal
1998.

Affiliated Label Product Net Revenues

AL product sales increased due to higher sales in North America and Europe. This
increase was primarily attributable to the distribution of products published by
Square EA in North America and the acquisition of ABC Software in Switzerland.

Online Subscription Revenues

The  increase in online  revenues for fiscal 1999 as compared to fiscal 1998 was
attributable  to the  following:

 o       The  average  paying  customers  for Ultima  Online  increased  to over
         105,000 for fiscal 1999 as compared to over 74,000 for fiscal 1998, due
         to continued  strong  sales of Ultima  Online and the release of Ultima
         Online:  The Second Age in the third  quarter  of fiscal  1999.  Ultima
         Online: The Second Age added features such as new worlds,  monsters and
         in-game chat features.

 o       EA.com  established  servers  providing  local dial-in  capability  for
         Ultima Online in Japan in the third quarter of fiscal 1999. We only had
         servers in North America in fiscal 1998.

License, OEM and Other Revenues

The decrease in license, OEM, online and other revenues was primarily due to the
following:

 o       Net  revenues  derived  from  32-bit  products  other than  PlayStation
         decreased primarily due to lower sales of Sega Saturn(R)  products.  We
         released no new Sega Saturn  titles in fiscal 1999 compared to eight in
         fiscal 1998.

 o       Net revenues  generated by 16-bit video game  cartridge-based  products
         decreased  in fiscal  1999 as compared  to fiscal  1998.  As the 16-bit
         video game market has been  replaced by 32-bit and 64-bit  systems,  we
         did not release any new titles in fiscal 1999.

                                       26

<PAGE>


 o       Licensing of EA Studio products  increased  primarily as a result of an
         increase in the  revenues  generated  by  licensing  of our products in
         Europe.

Operations by Segment

<TABLE>
Information  about  our  operations  by  segment  for  fiscal  1999  and 1998 is
presented below (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended March 31, 1999
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    EA Core                    Adjustments and           Electronic
                                                             (excl. EA.com)           EA.com      Eliminations                 Arts
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>               <C>               <C>                  <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                       $ 1,204,689       $    17,174       $      --            $ 1,221,863
Group sales                                                            985              --                (985)(a)             --
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                        1,205,674            17,174              (985)           1,221,863
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers                     624,252             3,571              --                627,823
Group cost of goods sold                                              --                 985              (985)                --
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                                    624,252             4,556              (985)             627,823
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                       581,422            12,618              --                594,040
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                            161,029             2,378              --                163,407
    General and administrative                                      74,995             1,224              --                 76,219
    Research and development                                       181,245             8,050             9,846(b)           199,141
    Network development and support                                   --               9,846            (9,846)                --
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                       44,115              --                --                 44,115
    Amortization of intangibles                                      5,880              --                --                  5,880
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                           467,264            21,498              --                488,762
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                            114,158            (8,880)             --                105,278
Interest and other income, net                                      13,180              --                --                 13,180
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
       taxes and minority interest                                 127,338            (8,880)             --                118,458
Provision for income taxes                                          45,414              --                --                 45,414
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                              81,924            (8,880)             --                 73,044
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                       (172)             --                --                   (172)
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                              $    81,752       $    (8,880)      $      --            $    72,872
                                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                 27

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Year Ended March 31, 1998
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        EA Core                  Adjustments and          Electronic
                                                                 (excl. EA.com)          EA.com     Eliminations                Arts
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>             <C>              <C>                 <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                               $897,877        $ 10,975         $   --              $908,852
Group sales                                                                 538            --               (538)(a)            --
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                               898,415          10,975             (538)            908,852
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers                          478,967           2,266             --               481,233
Group cost of goods sold                                                   --               538             (538)               --
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                                         478,967           2,804             (538)            481,233
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                            419,448           8,171             --               427,619
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                                 125,711           2,597             --               128,308
    General and administrative                                           57,650             188             --                57,838
    Research and development                                            137,360           5,352            3,020(b)          145,732
     Network development and support                                       --             3,020           (3,020)               --
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                             1,500            --               --                 1,500
    Merger costs                                                         10,792            --               --                10,792
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                                333,013          11,157             --               344,170
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                                  86,435          (2,986)            --                83,449
Interest and other income, net                                           24,811            --               --                24,811
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                                       111,246          (2,986)            --               108,260
Provision for income taxes                                               35,726            --               --                35,726
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                                   75,520          (2,986)            --                72,534
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                              28            --               --                    28
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                                      $ 75,548        $ (2,986)        $   --              $ 72,562
                                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(a)      Represents   elimination  of  intercompany  sales  of  Electronic  Arts
         packaged  goods  products  to EA.com;  and  represents  elimination  of
         royalties paid to Electronic Arts by EA.com for  intellectual  property
         rights.

(b)      Represents  reclassification  of  Network  Development  and  Support to
         Research and Development.
</FN>
</TABLE>

The  increase in net  revenues  for EA.com for fiscal 1999 as compared to fiscal
1998 was mainly attributable to the following:

 o       Higher online revenues from subscriptions for Ultima Online: The Second
         Age, the upgrade to Ultima Online.

 o       Mitigated by lower product  revenues from Ultima Online for fiscal 1999
         as compared to fiscal 1998.

                                       28

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
The following table presents  pro-forma  results of operations  allocating taxes
between EA Core and EA.com.  Consolidated  taxes have been  allocated to EA Core
and EA.com on a pro rata basis based on the  consolidated  effective  tax rates,
thereby  giving  EA.com the tax  benefit of its losses  which is utilized by the
consolidated  group.  Such tax benefits  could not be  recognized by EA.com on a
stand-alone basis. The sum of tax expense and tax benefit for EA Core and EA.com
is the same as  consolidated  tax  expense.  This  presentation  represents  how
management analyzes each segment of the business (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Year Ended March 31, 1999
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          EA Core                   Adjustments and      Electronic
                                                                   (excl. EA.com)             EA.com   Eliminations            Arts
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>                <C>         <C>
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                                       $ 127,338          $  (8,880)         $--         $ 118,458
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                                       48,256             (2,842)          --            45,414
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                                     79,082             (6,038)          --            73,044
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                              (172)              --             --              (172)
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                                       $  78,910          $  (6,038)         $--         $  72,872
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------



                                                                                       Year Ended March 31, 1998
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          EA Core                   Adjustments and      Electronic
                                                                   (excl. EA.com)             EA.com   Eliminations            Arts
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                                       $ 111,246          $  (2,986)         $--         $ 108,260
Provision (benefit) for income taxes                                       36,711               (985)          --            35,726
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                                     74,535             (2,001)          --            72,534
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                                28               --             --                28
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                                       $  74,563          $  (2,001)         $--         $  72,562
                                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Costs and Expenses, Interest and Other Income, Net, Income Taxes and Net Income

Information about our costs and expenses, interest and other income, net, income
taxes and net income for fiscal 1999 and 1998 is presented below:

                                                              Percent of Net
                                                                 Revenues
                                                             ----------------
                                                             1999        1998
                                                             ----        ----
Cost of goods sold                                           51.4%       52.9%
Marketing and sales                                          13.4        14.1
General and administrative                                    6.2         6.4
Research and development (includes network
  development and support)                                   16.3        16.0
Charge for acquired in-
   process technology                                         3.6         0.2
Amortization of intangibles                                   0.5         --
Merger costs                                                  --          1.2
Interest and other income, net                                1.1         2.7
Income taxes - effective tax rate                            38.3        33.0
Net income                                                    6.0%        8.0%

                                       29

<PAGE>


Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues  decreased in
fiscal 1999 primarily due to lower artist  royalties,  including savings related
to  an  acquisition  of a  software  development  company  during  fiscal  1999,
partially offset by higher sales of lower margin N64 products.

Marketing  and Sales.  Marketing  and sales  expenses  increased  27%  primarily
attributed to:

 o       Increased  print,  Internet and  television  advertising to support new
         releases.

 o       Increased  cooperative  advertising  associated with higher revenues in
         North America and Europe as compared to the prior year.

 o       Additional   headcount  related  to  the  continued  expansion  of  our
         worldwide distribution business.

 o       The acquisitions of ABC Software and Westwood Studios.

General and  Administrative.  General and administrative  expenses increased 32%
primarily  due to an increase in headcount  and  occupancy  costs to support the
increase in growth in North America and Europe operations, including the opening
of  additional  international  offices  in  Europe  and the  acquisition  of ABC
Software.

Research  and  Development.  The  increase in absolute  dollars for research and
development expenses (including Network Development and Support) was due to:

 o       Additional  headcount-related  expenses attributable to the acquisition
         of  Westwood   Studios,   Inc.  and  certain   assets  of  the  Irvine,
         California-based  Virgin Studio (collectively  "Westwood") in September
         1998 and Tiburon Entertainment, Inc. in April 1998.

 o       Higher  development  costs per title,  as products are  including  more
         content and are more complex and time consuming to develop.

 o       An increase in development costs for Ultima Online.

 o       A higher number of projects in  development  in fiscal 1999 as compared
         to fiscal 1998 for EA.com

We released a total of 59 new  products in fiscal 1999  compared to 71 in fiscal
1998.

Network Development and Support. The increase in network development and support
expenses  for  EA.com  was  due  to  higher  design,  engineering  and  software
maintenance costs associated with the Ultima Online worlds.

Charge for Acquired  In-Process  Technology.  In connection with the purchase of
Westwood in  September  1998,  we  allocated  and  expensed  $41,836,000  of the
$122,688,000  purchase price to in-process  research and  development  projects.
This allocation  represents the estimated fair value based on risk-adjusted cash
flows related to the incomplete research and development  projects.  At the date
of  acquisition,  this  amount was  expensed  as a  non-recurring  charge as the
in-process technology had not yet reached  technological  feasibility and had no
alternative future uses. Westwood had three major PC projects in progress at the
time of the acquisition including two in the best-selling  franchise Command and
Conquer and one in the critically  acclaimed Lands of Lore(TM) series. As of the
acquisition date, costs to complete the Westwood projects acquired were expected
to be  approximately  $9.1 million in fiscal 1999,  $10.6 million in fiscal 2000
and $1.0  million  in fiscal  2001.  We believe  there have been no  significant
changes to these  estimates.  We currently expect to complete the development of
these  projects at various dates through fiscal 2001 and to publish the products
upon completion.

The nature of the efforts required to develop the acquired in-process technology
into commercially  viable products  principally  relate to the completion of all
planning,  designing  and testing  activities  necessary to  establish  that the
product  can be produced to meet our design  requirements  including  functions,
features and technical performance requirements. Though we currently expect that
the acquired in-process technology will be successfully developed,  there can be
no assurance  that  commercial or technical  viability of these products will be
achieved.   Furthermore,  future  developments  in  the  entertainment  software
industry, changes in computer or video game console technology, changes in other
product  offerings or other  developments may cause us to alter or abandon these
plans.

The  value  assigned  to  purchased  in-process  technology  was  determined  by
estimating the completion  percentage of research and development efforts at the
acquisition date,  forecasting risk adjusted revenues considering the completion
percentage,  estimating  the  resulting  net cash  flows from the  projects  and
discounting  the  net  cash  flows  to  their  present  values.  The  completion
percentages  were  estimated  based on cost incurred to date,  importance of the
completed  development  tasks and the elapsed portion of the total project time.
The revenue projection used to value the in-process  research and development is
based on unit sales  forecasts for worldwide  sales  territories and adjusted to
consider only the revenue related to development  achievements  completed at the
acquisition  date. Net cash flow estimates include cost of goods sold and sales,
marketing and general and administrative  expenses and taxes forecasted based on
historical operating characteristics.  In addition, net cash flow estimates were
adjusted to allow for fair return on working  capital and fixed assets,  charges
for  franchise  and  technology   leverage  and  return  on  other  intangibles.
Appropriate risk adjusted

                                       30

<PAGE>


discount  rates  ranging  from 20% to 22.5% were used to  discount  the net cash
flows back to their present value. The remaining identified  intangibles will be
amortized  on a  straight-line  basis over two to twelve years based on expected
useful  lives of  franchise  tradenames,  existing  products  and  technologies,
retention of workforce,  and other intangible  assets. If these projects are not
successfully  developed, we may not realize the value assigned to the in-process
research and  development  projects.  In addition,  the value of other  acquired
intangible assets may also become impaired.

In conjunction with the merger of Westwood, we accrued approximately  $1,500,000
related to direct  transaction  costs and other related  accruals.  At March 31,
2000, there were $500,000 in accruals remaining related to these items.

Additionally,   for  fiscal  1999,  the  charge  for  in-process   research  and
development  also  included   write-offs  of  $2,279,000   associated  with  the
acquisition of two software development companies in the first quarter.

For fiscal 1998,  we incurred a charge of  $1,500,000  for  acquired  in-process
technology  in  connection  with the  acquisition  of the remaining 35% minority
ownership interest in Electronic Arts Victor, Inc. in December 1997. This charge
was made after we concluded  that the  in-process  technology had no alternative
future  use after  taking  into  consideration  the  potential  for usage of the
software in different products and resale of the software.

Amortization  of  Intangibles.  Amortization  of  intangibles  results  from the
acquisitions of Westwood and ABC Software in the second quarter of fiscal 1999.

Merger  Costs.  On July 25,  1997,  we  completed  a  merger  with  Maxis,  Inc.
("Maxis").  In  conjunction  with the merger,  we recorded  costs of $10,792,000
which included direct transaction fees and costs associated with integrating the
operations  of the two  companies.  At March 31,  1999,  there were no  accruals
remaining related to these merger costs.

Operating Income. Operating income increased due to:

 o       Higher net  revenues  and  related  gross  profit  partially  offset by
         increased   operating  expenses  including  the  charges  for  acquired
         in-process technology of $44,115,000 in the current fiscal year.

 o       Partially  offset  by  merger  costs of  $10,792,000  and a charge  for
         acquired   in-process   technology   of   $1,500,000   related  to  the
         acquisitions in the prior fiscal year.

Excluding  one-time items in both years, as noted above,  operating income would
have been $149,393,000 in fiscal 1999 and $95,741,000 in fiscal 1998.

Interest and Other Income,  Net. The decrease in interest and other income, net,
was primarily attributable to the sale of our 50% ownership interest in Creative
Wonders,  LLC in December 1997. The sale resulted in a gain in the prior year of
$12,625,000.

Income Taxes.  Electronic Arts' effective tax rate was 38.3% for fiscal 1999 and
33.0% for fiscal 1998.  Our  effective  tax rate for fiscal 1999 was  negatively
affected  as there was no tax  benefit  recorded  for a portion  of the  charges
related to the acquired  in-process  technology.  Excluding  the effect of these
charges,  the  effective  tax rate for  fiscal  1999  would  have been  32.0% as
compared to a 33.0% tax rate for fiscal  1998.  The lower rate of 32.0%  results
primarily  from a higher  portion  of  international  income  subject to a lower
foreign  tax rate as  compared  to the prior year and an increase in the federal
research and experimental credit.

Minority Interest in Consolidate Joint Venture.

 o       In the first  quarter of fiscal  1999,  we formed EA Square KK which is
         seventy percent owned by us and thirty percent owned by Square Co. Ltd.
         ("Square"), a leading developer and publisher of entertainment software
         in Japan.  Minority  interest for fiscal 1999  represents  Square's 30%
         interest in the net income of EA Square KK.

 o       For fiscal 1998, the minority interest  represented the 35% interest in
         Electronic  Arts Victor,  Inc.  ("EAV")  owned by Victor  Entertainment
         Industries,  Inc.  ("VEI").  We acquired  the  remaining  35%  minority
         ownership interest in EAV held by VEI in December 1997.

Net  Income.  In  absolute  dollars,  reported  net  income  was flat due to the
one-time  charges  related  to  acquisitions  offsetting   significantly  higher
operating income. The increase in net income,  excluding  one-time charges,  was
due to higher revenues and gross profits, partially offset by higher spending on
development  of online  projects,  higher  support  costs for Ultima  Online and
Ultima  Online:  The  Second  Age,  and  higher  network   infrastructure  costs
associated with Ultima Online worlds.

                                       31

<PAGE>


 o       For  fiscal  1998,  net  income  included  a  one-time  gain on sale of
         Creative Wonders, LLC in the amount of $8,459,000, net of taxes, offset
         by Maxis merger costs and a charge for acquired in-process developments
         of $8,236,000, net of taxes.

 o       For fiscal  1999,  net income  included  one-time  charges for acquired
         in-process technology of $37,506,000, net of taxes.

Excluding  one-time items in both years, as noted above, net income increased to
$110,378,000 in fiscal 1999 from $72,339,000, or 53% over fiscal 1998.

                                       32

<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         As of March 31, 2000, our working capital was $440,021,000  compared to
$333,256,000  at  March  31,  1999.   Cash,  cash   equivalents  and  short-term
investments increased by approximately  $26,982,000 in fiscal 2000. We generated
$45,336,000  of cash from  operations  in fiscal  2000  which was  reduced  by a
payment of $36,000,000 to AOL as discussed  below. In addition,  $85,589,000 was
provided  through  the sale of  equity  securities  under  our  stock  plans and
$20,000,000 was provided  through the sale of shares of Class B common stock and
warrants to AOL.

         Reserves for bad debts and sales returns  decreased from $72,850,000 at
March 31, 1999 to $65,067,000 at March 31, 2000.  Reserves have been charged for
returns of product and price  protection  credits  issued for  products  sold in
prior  periods.  Management  believes  these  reserves  are  adequate  based  on
historical  experience  and  its  current  estimate  of  potential  returns  and
allowances.

         During fiscal 2000, we invested $22,500,000 in cash for the acquisition
of Kesmai and  $22,096,000  for other  acquisitions  made  during  the year.  In
addition, we invested approximately $37,400,000 for new facilities in Europe and
Canada and $61,400,000 in computer equipment worldwide.

         Our  principal  source  of  liquidity  is  $339,804,000  in cash,  cash
equivalents and short-term  investments.  Management believes the existing cash,
cash  equivalents,   short-term  investments,  marketable  securities  and  cash
generated  from  operations  will be  sufficient  to meet  cash  and  investment
requirements  of  Electronic  Arts and EA.com for the next twelve months and the
foreseeable future.

         Included in the amounts above is the following for the EA.com business:

o        To date EA.com has been funded  solely by  Electronic  Arts  (including
         proceeds  from the sale of stock to AOL in the amount of  $20,000,000).
         This  funding  has been  accounted  for as capital  contributions  from
         Electronic  Arts.  Excess cash generated from operations is transferred
         to Electronic  Arts, and has been accounted for as a return of capital.
         We anticipate these funding  procedures will continue in the near-term.
         However,  Electronic  Arts may,  at its  discretion,  provide  funds to
         EA.com under a debt arrangement,  instead of treating such funding as a
         capital contribution.

o        During  fiscal  2000,  EA.com used  $68,329,000  of cash in  operations
         (including payments to AOL of approximately  $36,000,000),  $37,605,000
         in capital expenditures for computer equipment, network infrastructure,
         internal use software and related third party software,  $1,499,000 for
         an investment in a 3rd party developer, $32,539,000 for the acquisition
         of Kesmai and  another  acquisition,  offset by  $140,410,000  provided
         through capital contributions from Electronic Arts.

o        During fiscal 1999,  EA.com used  $9,086,000 of cash in operations  and
         $1,881,000  in capital  expenditures  for computer  equipment,  network
         infrastructure  and related  software,  offset by $10,967,000  provided
         through the capital contribution from Electronic Arts.

         EA.com  is  required  to  pay  $50,000,000  to AOL  as a  carriage  fee
(including certain advertising fees of which $604,000 was expensed in the twelve
months  ended  March  31,  2000)  under  the  AOL  agreement.  Of  this  amount,
$25,000,000 was paid upon signing the agreement and the remainder is due in four
equal  annual  installments  on the  first  four  anniversaries  of the  initial
payment.  Payment  of  the  first  annual  installment  of  $6,250,000  will  be
accelerated to June 1, 2000 since certain launch requirements will not be met by
that date.  EA.com is also required to pay to AOL $31,000,000 as an advance of a
minimum  guaranteed  revenue share for revenues  generated by subscriptions  and
other  certain  commercial  transactions  on the EA.com  site.  Of this  amount,
$11,000,000  was paid upon signing of the  agreement and the remainder is due in
four equal annual installments on the first anniversary of the initial payment.

         EA.com also made a commitment  to spend  $15,000,000  in offline  media
advertisements  promoting our online games,  including those on the AOL service,
during the term of the AOL agreement.

         Future  liquidity  needs of EA.com  will be met by  Electronic  Arts as
Electronic Arts intends to continue to fund the cash  requirements of EA.com for
the foreseeable future.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In December 1999, the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") issued Staff
Accounting  Bulletin No. 101("SAB 101"),  "Revenue  Recognition," which outlines
the basic criteria that must be met to recognize  revenue and provides  guidance
for

                                       33

<PAGE>


presentation  of revenue  and for  disclosure  related  to  revenue  recognition
policies in financial  statements  filed with the SEC. SAB 101 is effective  for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1999,  except, as amended by SAB 101A,
registrants with fiscal years that begin between December 16, 1999 and March 15,
2000 may  report a change  in  accounting  principle  no later  than the  second
quarter of fiscal  years  beginning  after  December  15,  1999.  We believe the
adoption of SAB 101 will not have a material  impact on our  financial  position
and results of operations.

In March 2000, the Emerging  Issues Task Force issued No. 00-02 ("EITF  00-02"),
"Accounting for Web Site  Development  Costs".  EITF 00-02 states that all costs
relating to software used to operate a web site and relating to  development  of
initial  graphics and web page design should be accounted for using Statement of
Position ("SOP") 98-1. Under this SOP, costs incurred in the preliminary project
stage  should  be  expensed  as  incurred,  as  should  most  training  and data
conversion  costs.  External direct costs of materials and services and internal
direct  payroll-related  costs should be capitalized  once certain  criteria are
met. EITF 00-02 is effective for all fiscal  quarters  beginning  after June 30,
2000.  We do not  expect a  significant  impact on our  consolidated  results of
operations, financial position or cash flows on the EITF's effective date.

In March 2000, the Emerging  Issues Task Force issued No. 00-03 ("EITF  00-03"),
"Application of AICPA SOP 97-2, "Software Revenue  Recognition," to Arrangements
That Include the Right to Use  Software  Stored on Another  Entity's  Hardware",
which  discusses  the  effect on  revenue  recognition  of a  software  vendor's
obligation to host its software that previously was licensed to a customer.  The
EITF has reached the  conclusion  that, if the customer is unable to utilize the
software on the customer's  hardware or contract with another party unrelated to
the vendor to host the  software,  then the  arrangement  with the  customer  is
outside  the scope of SOP 97-2 and should be treated as a service  contract.  We
may be  required  to change the  timing of our  revenue  recognition  related to
product revenues. We believe the adoption of EITF 00-03 will not have a material
impact on our financial position and results of operations.

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement
of  Financial   Accounting  Standards  No.  133  ("SFAS  133")  "Accounting  for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities.  SFAS 133
is  effective  as of the  beginning  of the first  quarter  of the  fiscal  year
beginning  after June 15, 2000. We are determining the effect of SFAS 133 on our
financial statements.

In March 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants  ("AICPA")
issued SOP 98-1,  "Accounting  for the Costs of Computer  Software  Developed or
Obtained  for  Internal  Use".  SOP 98-1  requires  that  consulting,  hardware,
software and direct  payroll-related costs associated with the implementation of
customized internal-use software be capitalized and amortized over the estimated
useful life of the  software.  These costs relate to game site  application  and
infrastructure  design and  development,  as well as costs  related to providing
customer  account  management  and  building  in  e-Commerce  functionality  and
interfaces.  SOP 98-1 is effective  for financial  statements  issued for fiscal
years  beginning  after  December  15,  1998.  As of  March  31,  2000,  we have
capitalized  $26,318,000 of these costs  associated with the effort to build and
support the EA.com game sites at launch.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

YEAR 2000 READINESS DISCLOSURE

Year 2000 Status

         As of the date of this filing,  we have not  incurred  any  significant
business  disruptions  as a result of Year 2000 issues.  However,  while no such
occurrence  has  developed,  Year  2000  issues  that may arise  related  to key
suppliers and service  providers may not become  apparent  immediately.  We have
received  assurances of Year 2000  compliance  from key suppliers.  We have also
received  assurances from key service providers such as financial  institutions,
our payroll service provider,  and our retirement plan administrator as to their
Year 2000  readiness.  We will  continue  to  monitor  our own  systems  and our
business partners to identify and address any potential risk situations  related
to the Year 2000.  We can  provide no  assurance  that we will not be  adversely
affected by these suppliers and service  providers due to  noncompliance  in the
future.

EURO CONVERSION

         On January 1,  1999,  eleven of the  fifteen  member  countries  of the
European  Union  established  fixed  conversion  rates  between  their  existing
currencies  (the "legacy  currency")  and the one common legal currency known as
the "Euro".  From January 1, 1999 through  June 30, 2002 the  countries  will be
able to use their legacy currencies or the Euro to transact business. By July 1,
2002, at the latest,  the  conversion to the Euro will be complete at which time
the legacy currencies will no longer be legal tender. The fixed conversion rates
between their existing  currencies have eliminated  exchange rate risk among the
member countries.

                                       34

<PAGE>


         The conversion to the Euro has reduced the number of forward  contracts
that we use to hedge the exchange  rate risk.  The forward  contracts  that were
used to hedge the individual  legacy  currencies  have been replaced by a single
Euro hedge contract and the intercompany  transactions among subsidiaries within
the European Union are no longer subject to exchange rate risk.

         We do not  anticipate any material  impact from the Euro  conversion on
our  financial   information  systems  which  currently   accommodate   multiple
currencies.  Computer  software  changes  necessary to comply with the Year 2000
issue are  generally  compliant to the Euro  conversion  issue.  Due to numerous
uncertainties, we cannot reasonably estimate the effect that the Euro conversion
issue will have on our pricing or market strategies,  and the impact, if any, it
will have on our financial condition and results of operations.

                                       35

<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RISK FACTORS

         Electronic  Arts'  business is subject to many risks and  uncertainties
which may affect our future financial performance. Some of those important risks
and  uncertainties  which may cause our  operating  results to vary or which may
materially and adversely affect our operating results are as follows:


                   Risk Factors Relating to Our Core Business

Platform  Transitions Such as the One Now Occurring Typically Depress the Market
for Video game Software Until New Platforms Achieve a Wide Market Acceptance

         When new video game  platforms  are  announced or  introduced  into the
market,  consumers  typically  reduce their purchases of video games for current
platforms in anticipation of new platforms being  available.  During that period
sales of our video game  products can be expected to slow or even decline  until
new  platforms  have  achieved a wide  market and  consumer  acceptance.  We are
currently in such a transition.  Sony expects to ship its  PlayStation 2 product
in the fall of 2000.  Nintendo and Microsoft  have also announced that their new
console  systems will be released in calendar  year 2001.  Current  sales of our
products  for the  existing  PlayStation  and  Nintendo 64  platforms  have been
adversely affected.  We expect this trend to continue until one or more of these
new consoles achieve a wide installed base of consumers.

New  Video  Game  Platforms  Create  Additional  Technical  and  Business  Model
Uncertainties

         Large  portions of our  revenues  are derived from the sale of products
for play on proprietary  video game platforms such as the Sony  PlayStation  and
Nintendo 64. The success of our products is significantly affected by acceptance
of the new video  game  hardware  systems  and the life  span of older  hardware
platforms and our ability to accurately  predict  which  platforms  will be most
successful.

         Sometimes we will spend development and marketing resources on products
designed for new video game systems that have not yet achieved  large  installed
bases or will continue product development for older hardware platforms that may
have shorter life cycles than we expected.  Conversely, if we do not develop for
a  platform  that  achieves   significant  market  acceptance,   or  discontinue
development  for a platform  that has a longer  life cycle  than  expected,  our
revenue growth may be adversely affected.

         For example, the Sega Dreamcast console launched in Japan in early 1999
and in the  United  States  in  September  of 1999.  We have no  products  under
development  for  this  platform.  Should  this  platform  achieve  wide  market
acceptance,  our revenue growth may be adversely affected.  Similarly, we intend
to launch a variety of products for the new Sony  platform,  the  PlayStation 2,
expected to be released  in the United  States in the fall of 2000.  Should that
platform  not  achieve  wide  acceptance  by  consumers,  we will  have  spent a
disproportionate  amount of our resources for this  platform.  Additionally,  we
have not negotiated  publishing agreements with Sony, Sega or Nintendo for their
next  generation  platforms,  and we do not  know  whether  the  terms  of those
agreements will be favorable.

Product  Development  Schedules Are Frequently  Unreliable  and Make  Predicting
Quarterly Results Difficult

         Product development schedules,  particularly for new hardware platforms
and high-end  multimedia  personal  computers,  or PCs, are difficult to predict
because they involve creative  processes,  use of new development  tools for new
platforms and the learning process, research and experimentation associated with
development for new technologies.  For example, Tiberian Sun, which was expected
to ship in fiscal 1999 at the time of our acquisition of Westwood  Studios,  was
not released until the second quarter of fiscal 2000 due to development  delays.
Additionally,  development  risks  for  CD-ROM  products  can  cause  particular
difficulties in predicting  quarterly results because brief  manufacturing  lead
times allow finalizing  products and projected  release dates late in a quarter.
Our  revenues  and  earnings  are  dependent  on our ability to meet our product
release  schedules,  and our  failure to meet those  schedules  could  result in
revenues  and  earnings  which  fall  short of  analysts'  expectations  for any
individual quarter and the fiscal year.

Our Business Is Both Seasonal and Cyclical

         Our business is seasonal with a significant  percentage of our revenues
occurring in the December  quarter.  Our business is also  cyclical;  video game
platforms have  historically  had a life cycle of four to six years, and decline
as more advanced  platforms are being  introduced.  As one group of platforms is
reaching the end of its cycle and new platforms are  emerging,  buying  patterns
may

                                       36

<PAGE>


change. Purchases of products for older platforms may slow at a faster rate than
sales of new platforms.  We are currently beginning such a platform  transition.
Sega  introduced its latest platform in the United States in September 1999, and
Sony expects to ship its PlayStation 2 product in the fall of 2000. Nintendo and
Microsoft have also announced that their new console systems will be released in
calendar year 2001.  Sales of our current  products for the current Nintendo and
Sony platforms have already been adversely affected, and we expect this trend to
continue  until one or more new  platforms  achieves  a wide  installed  base of
consumers.

The Impact of e-Commerce and Online Games on Our Business Is Not Known

         While we do not currently derive significant revenues from online sales
of our packaged products,  we believe that such form of distribution will become
a more significant factor in our business in the future.  E-commerce is becoming
an increasingly popular method for conducting business with consumers.  How that
form of distribution will affect the more traditional  retail  distribution,  at
which we have historically had success, and over what time period, is uncertain.
In addition, we expect the number and popularity of online games to increase and
become a significant factor in the interactive games business  generally.  We do
not know  how that  increase  generally,  or the  emerging  business  of  EA.com
specifically, will affect the sales of packaged goods.

Our  Business,  Our  Products,  and Our  Distribution  Are Subject to Increasing
Regulation in Key Territories

         Legislation is increasingly  introduced which may affect the content of
our products and their  distribution.  For example,  privacy rules in the United
States and Europe impose various restrictions on our web sites. Those rules vary
by territory while of course the Internet recognizes no geographical boundaries.
Other countries such as Germany have adopted laws regulating content transmitted
over the Internet  that are stricter  than current  United  States laws.  In the
United  States,  in response  to recent  events,  the federal and several  state
governments are considering content  restrictions on products such as those made
by us as well as restrictions on distribution of such products.  Any one or more
of these factors could harm our business.

Our Platform  Licensors Are Our Chief  Competitors  and  Frequently  Control the
Manufacturing of Our Video Game Products

         Our  agreements  with  hardware  licensors,  which  are also our  chief
competitors,  typically  give  significant  control  to the  licensor  over  the
approval  and  manufacturing  of our  products.  This  fact  could,  in  certain
circumstances,  leave us unable to get our products  approved,  manufactured and
shipped to customers.  In most events, control of the approval and manufacturing
process by the platform  licensors  increases both our manufacturing  lead times
and costs as compared to those we can achieve  independently.  For  example,  in
prior years, we experienced delays in obtaining  approvals for and manufacturing
of  PlayStation  products which caused delays in shipping  those  products.  The
potential for additional delay or refusal to approve or manufacture our products
continues with our platform licensors.  Such occurrences would harm our business
and adversely affect our financial performance.

Proliferation and Assertion of Patents Poses Serious Risks to our Business

         Many  patents  have been  issued  that may  apply to  widely  used game
technologies.  Additionally,  many less  recently  issued  patents are now being
asserted  against  Internet  implementations  of existing  games.  Several  such
patents have been asserted against us. For example,  we currently have a lawsuit
pending  regarding  our  publication  of games that can be played both alone and
with others over the Internet in which the patent holder has moved to enjoin the
sale of EA  personal  computer  products  that can be played  alone and over the
Internet.  Such claims can harm our business. We will incur substantial expenses
in evaluating and defending against such claims, regardless of the merits of the
claims.  In the event that there is a  determination  that we have  infringed  a
third  party  patent,  we could  incur  significant  monetary  liability  and be
prevented from using the rights in the future.


                  Risk Factors Relating to Our Online Business

Because of EA.com's Limited Operating History,  It Will Be Difficult To Evaluate
its Business and Prospects

         EA.com's business is still in the developing  stages, so evaluating its
business and prospects  will be more difficult than would be the case for a more
mature business.  We will continue to encounter the risks and difficulties faced
in  launching  a new  business,  and we may  not  achieve  our  goals  or may be
compelled to change the manner in which we seek to develop the  business.  These
uncertainties as to the future operations of EA.com will increase the difficulty
we face in completing  and pursuing the essential  plans for the  development of
the  business  and will also make it more  difficult  for our  stockholders  and
securities analysts to predict the operating results of this business.

                                       37

<PAGE>
EA.com Has a History of Losses and Expects To  Continue To Incur  Losses and May
Never Achieve Profitability

         EA.com has incurred  substantial losses to date,  including the current
fiscal  year.  We expect  EA.com to continue to incur  losses as it develops its
business.  EA.com will be required to maintain the significant support,  service
and product  enhancement  demands of online users, and we cannot be certain that
EA.com will produce  sufficient  revenues  from its  operations to support these
costs.  Even if profitability is achieved,  EA.com may not be able to sustain it
over a period of time.

Our Agreements  with America Online May Not Prove  Successful to the Development
of EA.com's Business

         We have  announced a series of agreements  with America  Online for the
offering of our games through AOL for online play. These agreements require that
we make substantial  guaranteed payments to AOL and that we commit our resources
to  pursuit  of the  online  game  opportunity.  We cannot be  assured  that the
substantial  costs  associated  with the AOL agreements will be justified by the
revenues generated from that relationship. In addition, restrictions included in
the AOL agreements  limiting  other channels we may develop for offering  online
games may limit our ability to  diversify  our online  distribution  strategies.
Further,  we are required  under our agreement  with AOL to launch our game site
within a  specified  time period or be subject to certain  penalties,  including
AOL's right to terminate the agreement. We were not successful in meeting a June
1, 2000 initial  launch target and we may not be  successful in achieving  other
specified launch targets.  See additional  discussion relating to our agreements
with AOL in Note 5 of the Notes to Consiolidated Financial Statements,  included
in item 8 hereof. The success for us of the AOL agreements will also be a result
of AOL's performance under the agreements, a factor over which we will have very
little control.

We Have Very Limited Experience with Online Games and May Not Be Able To Operate
This Business Effectively

         Offering  games solely for online play is a substantial  departure from
our  traditional  business of selling  packaged  software  games.  We anticipate
employing  various pricing  models,  including  subscription  fees, "pay to play
fees" and advertising.  We have very little  experience with developing  optimal
pricing  strategies  for online games and no experience in "pay to play" pricing
or in  securing  advertising  revenue  for online  services.  Similarly,  we are
inexperienced  in  predicting  usage  patterns  for our  games.  Because  of our
inexperience in this area, we may not be effective in achieving success that may
otherwise be attainable from offering our games online.

Online Games Have Risks That Are Not Associated with Our Traditional Business

         Online  games,  particularly  multiplayer  games,  pose risks to player
enjoyment that do not generally apply to packaged game sales. Players frequently
would not be  acquainted  with other  players,  which may  adversely  affect the
playing experiencing.  Social issues raised by a player's conduct may impact the
experience  for other players.  We have not  determined  whether or how we might
monitor or proctor  player  behavior to mitigate  behavior that impairs the game
experience.  In addition,  there are substantial  technical challenges to be met
both in the  introduction  of our games online and in  maintaining  an effective
game  playing  environment  over  time.  If  these  risks  are not  successfully
controlled and technical challenges resolved,  potential customers for our games
may be unwilling to play in  sufficient  volume to allow us to attain or sustain
profitability.

We May Not Be Able To Obtain the Required Licenses To Offer Our Games Online

         If we are unable to reach terms with certain  licensors  for our games,
we will not be able to offer  certain  of our games  for  online  play.  Many of
Electronic Arts' most popular games feature  characters,  trademarks,  people or
concepts for which we have licenses from third  parties.  As an example,  our EA
SPORTS products  typically  contain content  licensed from a sports and players'
association.  In certain instances the terms of these licenses will not allow us
to offer the games for online play without negotiating an additional license. We
cannot be certain  that the  licensors  will be amenable to a license for online
games  involving  their  content or,  even if they are,  that we will be able to
reach  terms  with  them for such use.  We may be forced to agree to terms  that
ultimately materially impair the economic value to us of the online game market.

Proliferation  and  Assertion of Patents  Poses Serious Risks to the Business of
EA.com.

         Many  patents  have been issued that may apply to widely used  Internet
technologies.  Additionally,  many less  recently  issued  patents are now being
asserted against Internet  implementations of older  technologies.  Several such
patents have been asserted against us. For example,  we currently have a lawsuit
pending  regarding  our  publication  of games that can be played both alone and
with others over the Internet in which the patent holder has moved to enjoin the
sale of EA  personal  computer  products  that can be played  alone and over the
Internet.  Such claims can harm our business. We will incur substantial expenses
in evaluating and defending against such claims, regardless of the merits of the
claims.  In the event that there is a  determination  that we have  infringed  a
third  party  patent,  we could  incur  significant  monetary  liability  and be
prevented from using the rights in the future.

                                       38
<PAGE>


Development of EA.com's Business Will Require Significant Capital, and We Cannot
Be Assured That It Will Be Available

         EA.com  will  not  be  successful  if it  does  not  receive  the  very
substantial  financing that will be required to launch its business.  Electronic
Arts has  agreed to provide a limited  amount of  funding  to  EA.com,  but this
financing alone will not be sufficient for the development of EA.com's business.
Any  additional  funding  that is  obtained  from EA may  either be treated as a
revolving credit advance or would increase EA's retained  interest in EA.com and
correspondingly  decrease the interest of the holders of  outstanding  shares of
Class B common stock. The attraction of additional  equity or debt financing for
EA.com  from third  parties may not be possible or may only be possible on terms
that result in significant  dilution to Class A and Class B common  stockholders
or interest or other costs and debt-related restrictions on the operation of the
business.

If Use of the Internet  Does Not  Continue To Develop and  Reliably  Support the
Demands Placed on It by Electronic Commerce, EA.com's Business Will Be Harmed

         EA.com's  success  depends  upon growth in the use of the Internet as a
medium for playing games.  Although the Internet is experiencing rapid growth in
the number of users,  this growth is a recent  phenomenon  and may not continue.
Furthermore,  despite  this  growth  in  usage,  the  use  of the  Internet  for
sophisticated games like ours is relatively new. Our business would be seriously
harmed if:

 o       use of the Internet  does not  continue to increase or  increases  more
         slowly than expected,

 o       the infrastructure for the Internet does not effectively support online
         game play,

 o       concerns over the secure transmission of confidential  information over
         public  networks  inhibit  the  growth  of the  Internet  as a means of
         conducting commercial transactions, or

 o       government  regulations  regarding  Internet content,  privacy or other
         conditions impede the effectiveness of the Internet to users.

Capacity  Restraints  May  Restrict  the Use of the Internet as a Forum for Game
Play, Resulting in Decreased Demand for Our Products

         The  Internet  infrastructure  may not be able to support  the  demands
placed on it by increased usage or the limited  capacity of networks to transmit
large  amounts  of data.  Other  risks  associated  with  commercial  use of the
Internet could slow its growth, including:

 o       outages and other delays  resulting from the inadequate  reliability of
         the network infrastructure,

 o       slow development of enabling  technologies and complementary  products,
         and

 o       limited availability of cost-effective, high speed access.

         Delays in the  development  or adoption of new  equipment  standards or
protocols required to handle increased levels of Internet activity, or increased
governmental  regulation,  would cause the  Internet  to fail to gain,  or lose,
viability as a means of game playing. If these or any other factors cause use of
the Internet for commerce to slow or decline,  the Internet may not prove viable
as a commercial marketplace. This, in turn, would result in decreased demand for
EA.com's products and services.

To Become and Remain Competitive, EA.com Must Continually Develop and Expand New
Content. This Is Inherently Risky and Expensive.

         EA.com's  success  depends  on our  ability  to  develop  products  and
services  for  the  initial  launch  of the  EA.com  site  and  our  ability  to
continually  expand the content on that site. Our agreement with AOL requires us
to develop new games under our relationship  with AOL. We cannot assure you that
products will be developed on time,  in a cost  effective  manner,  or that they
will be successful.

                                       39

<PAGE>


We May Not Be Able To Respond to Rapid Technological Change.

         The market for Internet products and services is characterized by rapid
technological  change and evolving  industry  standards.  Both in completing the
design and implementation of our network infrastructure and thereafter,  we will
be  required to  continually  improve  performance,  features,  reliability  and
capacity of our  network  infrastructure.  We cannot  assure you that we will be
successful  in  responding  rapidly  or  in a  cost  effective  manner  to  such
developments.

Increasing  Governmental  Regulation of the Internet  Could Limit the Market for
Our Products

         As Internet commerce continues to evolve, we expect that federal, state
and foreign governments will adopt laws and regulations  covering issues such as
user  privacy,  taxation  of goods  and  services  provided  over the  Internet,
pricing,  content and  quality of products  and  services.  It is possible  that
legislation could expose companies involved in electronic commerce to liability,
taxation  or other  increased  costs,  any of which  could  limit the  growth of
electronic commerce  generally.  Legislation could dampen the growth in Internet
usage and decrease its acceptance as a communications  and commercial medium. If
enacted,  these  laws and  regulations  could  limit  the  market  for  EA.com's
products.

If We Do Not Maintain Our Relationship with Outside Consultants Such as Andersen
Consulting  and  Proxicom,  Our Ability To Develop Our Online  Business  Will Be
Impaired

         Because  approximately  20%  of  the  staff  creating,  designing,  and
developing  the  infrastructure  for EA.com's  website and network  interface is
being provided by outside  consultants such as Andersen Consulting and Proxicom,
losing the business  relationship  with such  consultants  would cause EA.com to
lose an  important  component  of its  website  implementation  team.  Given the
intense competition for qualified technical consultants,  EA.com may not be able
to retain these consultants or, if necessary,  replace them. If it cannot do so,
its ability to develop its business will be impaired.

Our  Revenues  Have Been  Heavily  Dependent  on a Single  Product  and Would Be
Adversely Affected if That Product's Popularity Were To Decline

         EA.com's  revenues to date have  consisted  primarily of revenues  from
sales of our online product Ultima Online, and we would be adversely affected if
revenues  from that  product were to decline for any reason and not be replaced.
We expect the online game market to become increasingly  competitive,  and it is
possible that other  producer's  current or future games could cause our revenue
from Ultima  Online to decline.  In addition,  popularity of Ultima Online could
decline  over  time  simply   because  of  consumer   preference  for  new  game
experiences.

We Invest Very Heavily in Research and Development  and Network  Development and
Support for EA.com,  and We Cannot Be Assured That We Will Achieve Revenues That
Validate This Level of Spending

         We have  invested,  and expect to continue to invest,  very  heavily in
research and development and network development and support for our website and
online games. We will need to expand EA.com's  revenues  substantially for it to
achieve  profitability  with these levels of expenditure being required,  and we
may not be able to do so. If we cannot increase  revenues to profitable  levels,
the  value of EA.com  will be  impaired.  In order to  develop  the broad  games
offerings  that we envision  for our online  operations  it will be necessary to
engage in significant  developmental  efforts both to adapt existing EA games to
the  online  format  and to create new online  games.  Our  agreements  with AOL
require us to maintain a substantial  commitment to online game  development and
we  cannot  be  assured  that we  will  realize  acceptable  returns  from  this
investment.

Online  Product  Development   Schedules  Are  Unreliable  and  Make  Predicting
Quarterly Results Difficult

         Online product development  schedules,  particularly for Internet based
games are difficult to predict because they involve creative  processes,  use of
new development  tools,  Internet  latency issues,  a learning process to better
understand  Internet  based game  mechanics,  and research  and  experimentation
associated  with   development  for  new  online   technologies.   Additionally,
development risks for Internet based products can cause particular  difficulties
in predicting  quarterly results because of the challenges  associated with game
testing, live Beta testing,  integration into network servers and integration on
to the Games web site and impact the  "release,  ("go  live")  dates of products
during a particular  quarter.  Our revenues and operating costs are dependent on
our  ability to meet our product  "go live"  schedules,  and our failure to meet
those   schedules   could  result  in  revenues   falling   short  of  analysts'
expectations, with no corresponding decrease in expenses, resulting in increased
operating losses for EA.com

                                       40

<PAGE>


                              General Risk Factors

We Face Intense Competition for Talent from Highly Valued Internet Companies

         Competition  for  employees  in  the  interactive   software   business
continues to be intense.  Recently,  the most intense competition for recruiting
and  retaining  key  employees  is from  Internet  companies.  The large  equity
positions  frequently  offered to key  executives  and  creative  talent in such
companies  and the  actual  or  perceived  opportunity  for  rapid  stock  price
appreciation of these companies make their compensation  packages  attractive to
those who are already working in more mature  companies.  This situation creates
difficulty  for us to compete for the  attraction and retention of executive and
key creative talent.

Because of the Intense Competition for Qualified Technical,  Creative, Marketing
and Other  Personnel,  We May Not Be Able To Attract  and  Retain the  Personnel
Necessary for our Businesses

         The market  for  technical,  creative,  marketing  and other  personnel
essential to the  development of online  businesses and management of our online
and core businesses is extremely competitive,  and we may not be able to attract
and retain the employees we need. In addition, the rising cost of real estate in
the San  Francisco  Bay area - the  location  of our  headquarters  and  largest
studio, has increased dramatically, and has made recruiting from other areas and
relocating   employees  to  our  headquarters  more  difficult.   If  we  cannot
successfully  recruit and retain the  employees we need,  our ability to develop
and manage our businesses will be impaired.

Foreign Sales and Currency Fluctuations

         For fiscal  2000  international  net  revenues  comprised  40% of total
consolidated net revenues.  We expect foreign sales to continue to account for a
significant  and  growing  portion of our  revenues.  Such sales are  subject to
unexpected regulatory  requirements,  tariffs and other barriers.  Additionally,
foreign sales are primarily made in local  currencies  which may fluctuate.  For
example,  our  European  revenues  in fiscal 2000 were  adversely  impacted by a
devaluation  of the Euro as  compared to the prior  year.  Our foreign  currency
exposure  may  increase  if this  trend  continues.  Any of  these  factors  may
significantly harm our business.

Increased Difficulties in Forecasting Results

         During platform transition  periods,  where the success of our products
is significantly  impacted by the changing market for our products,  forecasting
our  revenues  and  earnings  is more  difficult  than in more  stable or rising
product  markets.  The demand for our products  may decline  during a transition
faster than we anticipate, negatively impacting both revenues and earnings.

Fluctuations in Stock Price

Due to  analysts'  expectations  of  continued  growth  and other  factors,  any
shortfall in earnings could have an immediate and significant  adverse effect on
the trading  price of our common stock in any given  period.  As a result of the
factors discussed in this report and other factors that may arise in the future,
the market price of our common stock  historically  has been, and we expect will
continue to be subject to significant  fluctuations over a short period of time.
These fluctuations may be due to factors specific to us, to changes in analysts'
earnings estimates,  or to factors affecting the computer,  software,  Internet,
entertainment,  media or  electronics  businesses or the  securities  markets in
general. For example, during fiscal year 2000, the price per share of our common
stock ranged from $45.63 to $120.94.

Because of these and other factors affecting our operating results and financial
condition,  past  financial  performance  should  not be  considered  a reliable
indicator of future performance,  and investors should not use historical trends
to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

                                       41

<PAGE>

Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Market Risk

We are  exposed  to  various  market  risks,  including  the  changes in foreign
currency  exchange rates and interest  rates.  Market risk is the potential loss
arising from changes in market rates and prices. Foreign exchange contracts used
to hedge foreign  currency  exposures and short-term  investments are subject to
market risk. We do not consider our cash and cash  equivalents  to be subject to
interest  rate  risk  due  to  their  short  maturities.  We do not  enter  into
derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We utilize foreign  exchange  contracts to hedge foreign  currency  exposures of
underlying assets and liabilities,  primarily certain  intercompany  receivables
that are denominated in foreign  currencies,  thereby,  limiting our risk. Gains
and losses on foreign exchange  contracts are reflected in the income statement.
At March 31, 2000, we had foreign  exchange  contracts,  all with  maturities of
less than nine months to purchase and sell approximately $242,143,000 in foreign
currencies, primarily British Pounds, European Currency Units ("Euro"), Canadian
Dollars, Japanese Yen and other currencies.

Fair value  represents the difference in value of the contracts at the spot rate
and the forward rate. The  counterparties to these contracts are substantial and
creditworthy   multinational   commercial   banks.  The  risks  of  counterparty
nonperformance  associated  with  these  contracts  are  not  considered  to  be
material.  Notwithstanding  our efforts to manage foreign exchange risks,  there
can be no assurances  that our hedging  activities  will  adequately  protect us
against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations.

The following  table provides  information  about our foreign  currency  forward
exchange contracts at March 31, 2000. The information is provided in U.S. dollar
equivalents  and presents the notional  amount  (forward  amount),  the weighted
average contractual foreign currency exchange rates and fair value.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   Weighted-
                                                     Average
                                      Contract      Contract
                                        Amount          Rate       Fair Value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (In thousands)                 (In thousands)
Foreign currency to be sold under contract:

  British Pound                       $111,138         1.5877    $   (469)
  Euro                                  59,378         0.9734        (273)
  Japanese Yen                          15,476       104.0300         410
  Canadian Dollar                       13,615         1.4689         (63)
  Australian Dollar                      6,058         0.6058         (27)
  South African Rand                     4,686         6.4023          56
  Swedish Krona                          2,326         8.5993         (19)
  Norwegian Krone                        1,312         8.3871         (15)
  Danish Krone                           1,304         7.6716          (6)
  Brazilian Real                         1,259         1.7480         (11)
  Swiss Franc                              899         1.6681         (25)
  New Zealand Dollar                       488         0.4876          (2)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                 $217,939                   $   (444)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Foreign currency
  to be purchased
  under contract:
   British Pound                      $ 24,204         1.5944    $    (75)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                 $ 24,204                   $    (75)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Grand total                           $242,143                   $   (519)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

While the  contract  amounts  provide  one  measurement  of the  volume of these
transactions,  they do not  represent the amount of our exposure to credit risk.
The amounts (arising from the possible inabilities of counterparties to meet the
terms of their contracts) are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which
the counterparties' obligations exceed our obligations as these contracts can be
settled on a net basis at our  option.  We control  credit risk  through  credit
approvals, limits and monitoring procedures.

Interest Rate Risk

Our exposure to market rate risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily
to our investment  portfolio.  We do not use derivative financial instruments in
our  investment  portfolio.

                                       42
<PAGE>


We  manage  our  interest  rate  risk by  maintaining  an  investment  portfolio
primarily  consisting of debt  instruments of high credit quality and relatively
short average  maturities.  We also manage our interest rate risk by maintaining
sufficient cash and cash equivalent  balances such that we are typically able to
hold our  investments  to  maturity.  At March 31, 2000,  our cash  equivalents,
short-term and long-term  investments  included debt securities of $194,769,000.
Notwithstanding  our  efforts to manage  interest  rate  risks,  there can be no
assurances  that we will be adequately  protected  against the risks  associated
with interest rate fluctuations.

The table below presents the amounts and related weighted average interest rates
of our investment portfolio at March 31, 2000:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Average Interest
                                              Rate          Cost      Fair Value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    (Dollars in thousands)

Cash equivalents(1)
    Fixed rate                                0.00%      $  --           $  --
    Variable rate                             4.15%      $92,830         $92,830
Short-term
investments(1)(2)
    Fixed rate                                4.05%      $83,639         $83,539
    Variable rate                             6.87%      $10,000         $10,000
Long-term
investments(1)
    Fixed rate                                0.00%      $  --           $  --
    Variable rate                             6.35%      $ 8,400         $ 8,162
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  See  definition  in  note 1 of the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
     Statements.

(2)  Maturity dates for short-term investments range from 6 months to 3 years.

                                       43

<PAGE>


ITEM 8:  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Report of Independent Auditors,  Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements follow below on pages 44 through 70.


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Electronic Arts Inc. and Subsidiaries:

We have audited the accompanying  consolidated balance sheets of Electronic Arts
Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as  of  March  31,  2000  and  1999,  and  the  related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year  period ended March 31, 2000. These  consolidated
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  consolidated  financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards
in the  United  States of  America.  Those  standards  require  that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Electronic Arts Inc.
and  subsidiaries  as of March  31,  2000 and  1999,  and the  results  of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year  period
ended  March 31,  2000,  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States of America.


Mountain View, California                                              KPMG LLP
April 28, 2000

                                       44

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except share data) As of March 31,                                               2000               1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>                <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                                     $   339,804        $   312,822
   Marketable securities                                                                         236              4,884
   Receivables, less allowances of $65,067 and $72,850, respectively                         234,087            149,468
   Inventories, net                                                                           22,986             22,376
   Other current assets                                                                      108,210             79,915
                                                                                         ------------------------------

     Total current assets                                                                    705,323            569,465


Property and equipment, net                                                                  285,466            181,266
Long-term investments                                                                          8,400             18,400
Investment in affiliates                                                                      22,601             25,864
Goodwill and other intangibles, net                                                          117,236             90,682
Other assets                                                                                  53,286             16,196
                                                                                         ------------------------------
                                                                                         $ 1,192,312        $   901,873
                                                                                         ==============================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                                      $    97,703        $    63,881
   Accrued and other liabilities                                                             167,599            172,328
                                                                                         ------------------------------

     Total current liabilities                                                               265,302            236,209


Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                                                3,617              2,733


Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value.  Authorized 10,000,000 shares                              --                 --
   Common stock
      Class A common stock, $0.01 par value.  Authorized 400,000,000 shares;
        issued 64,434,544 and 61,291,849 shares; outstanding
        64,434,544 and 61,169,286 shares, respectively                                           644                613
      Class B common stock, $0.01 par value. Authorized 100,000,000 shares;
      issued  and outstanding 6,000,000 shares in 2000                                            60               --
   Paid-in capital                                                                           412,682            267,699
   Treasury stock, at cost; 0 and 122,563 shares in 2000 and 1999, respectively                 --               (4,926)
   Retained earnings                                                                         516,368            402,112
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                       (6,361)            (2,567)
                                                                                         ------------------------------
     Total stockholders' equity                                                              923,393            662,931
                                                                                         ------------------------------
                                                                                         $ 1,192,312        $   901,873
                                                                                         ==============================

<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                                 45

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(In thousands, except per share data)

<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Years Ended March 31,
                                                                                  2000              1999              1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>               <C>               <C>
Net revenues                                                               $ 1,420,011       $ 1,221,863       $   908,852
Cost of goods sold                                                             705,808           627,823           481,233
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

   Gross profit                                                                714,203           594,040           427,619

Operating expenses:
   Marketing and sales                                                         188,628           163,407           128,308
   General and administrative                                                   92,502            76,219            57,838
   Research and development                                                    260,759           199,141           145,732
   Charge for acquired in-process technology                                     6,539            44,115             1,500
   Merger costs                                                                   --                --              10,792
   Amortization of intangibles                                                  11,989             5,880              --
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------
     Total operating expenses                                                  560,417           488,762           344,170
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

     Operating income                                                          153,786           105,278            83,449
Interest and other income, net                                                  16,028            13,180            24,811
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

   Income before provision for income taxes and minority interest              169,814           118,458           108,260
Provision for income taxes                                                      52,642            45,414            35,726
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

   Income before minority interest                                             117,172            73,044            72,534
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                                   (421)             (172)               28
                                                                           -----------------------------------------------

     Net income                                                            $   116,751       $    72,872       $    72,562
                                                                           ===============================================

Net income per share:
   Basic                                                                   $      1.86       $      1.20       $      1.23
   Diluted                                                                 $      1.76       $      1.15       $      1.19
Number of shares used in computation:
   Basic                                                                        62,830            60,748            58,867
   Diluted                                                                      66,371            63,272            60,958

<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated  financial statements,  including segment information in note 18.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                                 46

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Years Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
(In thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Accumulated
                               Class A             Class B                                     Other
                             Common Stock       Common Stock                           Comprehensive   Treasury Stock
                          -------------------------------------   Paid-In   Retained          Income ---------------------
                           Shares    Amount   Shares    Amount    Capital   Earnings          (Loss)   Shares     Amount     Total
- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>   <C>        <C>            <C>            <C>   <C>        <C>
Balances at March 31,
  1997                     58,263      $583      --        $--   $188,547   $257,978       $   668        --    $  --      $447,776
Net income                                                                    72,562                                         72,562
 Change in unrealized
   appreciation of
   investments, net                                                                          1,882                            1,882
Reclassification
   adjustment for gains
   realized in net
   income, net                                                                              (2,745)                          (2,745)
Translation adjustment                                                                      (1,273)                          (1,273)
                                                                                                                           --------

Comprehensive income
                                                                                                                             70,426
Proceeds from sales of
  shares through stock
  plans                     1,897        19                        37,729                                                    37,748
Tax benefit related to
   stock options                                                    7,931                                                     7,931
Repayment of notes
  receivable                                                           87                                                        87
                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at March 31,
  1998                     60,160       602      --         --    234,294    330,540        (1,468)       --       --       563,968
Net income                                                                    72,872                                         72,872
 Change in unrealized
   appreciation of
   investments, net                                                                          2,533                            2,533
Reclassification
   adjustment for gains
   realized in net
   income, net                                                                                (989)                            (989)
Translation adjustment                                                                       (2,643)                         (2,643)
                                                                                                                           --------

Comprehensive income                                                                                                         71,773
Proceeds from sales of
  shares through stock
  plans                     1,132        11                        27,791     (1,300)                     100      4,075     30,577
Purchase of treasury stock                                                                               (223)    (9,001)    (9,001)
Tax benefit related to
  stock options                                                     5,614                                                     5,614
                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at March 31,
  1999                     61,292       613      --         --    267,699    402,112         (2,567)     (123)    (4,926)   662,931
                          ==========================================================================================================



                                                                 47

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (continued)

Years Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
(In thousands)
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         Accumulated
                               Class A             Class B                                     Other
                             Common Stock       Common Stock                           Comprehensive   Treasury Stock
                          -------------------------------------   Paid-In   Retained          Income ---------------------
                           Shares    Amount   Shares    Amount    Capital   Earnings          (Loss)   Shares     Amount     Total
- ------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>          <C>    <C>         <C>    <C>        <C>            <C>        <C>      <C>         <C>
Balances at March 31,
   1999                    61,292       613        -         -    267,699    402,112        (2,567)    (123)    (4,926)     662,931
Net income                                                                   116,751                                        116,751
 Change in unrealized
   appreciation of
   investments, net                                                                          1,739                           1,739
Reclassification
   adjustment for gains
   realized in net
   income, net                                                                              (5,194)                          (5,194)
Translation adjustment                                                                        (339)                            (339)
                                                                                                                         -----------
Comprehensive income
                                                                                                                            112,957
Proceeds from sales of
   shares through stock
   plans                    3,143        31                        83,127     (2,495)                   123      4,926       85,589
Issuance of Class B
   common stock                                6,000        60     27,993                                                    28,053
Issuance of Class B
   stock warrant                                                    1,300                                                     1,300
Tax benefit related to
   stock options                                                   32,563                                                    32,563
                          ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances at March 31,
   2000                    64,435      $644    6,000       $60   $412,682   $516,368       $(6,361)       -     $    -     $923,393
                          ==========================================================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                                 48

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  Years Ended March 31,
     (In thousands)                                                                      2000            1999            1998
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
     OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
     Net income                                                                           $116,751        $ 72,872        $ 72,562
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
     activities:
        Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                                        421             172             (28)
        Equity in net (income) loss of affiliates                                           (1,138)            155           1,162
        Gain on sale of affiliate                                                             (842)              -         (12,625)
        Depreciation and amortization                                                       46,725          40,461          26,907
        Loss on sale of fixed assets                                                            31             729           1,813
        Loss on disposition of assets related to merger                                          -               -           5,607
        Gain on sale of marketable securities                                               (7,528)         (1,454)         (4,098)
        Provision for doubtful accounts                                                      6,714           6,027           4,302
        Charge for acquired in-process technology                                            6,539          44,115           1,500
        Change in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
          Receivables                                                                      (77,779)        (11,702)        (40,432)
          Inventories                                                                         (579)          1,282          (1,753)
          Other assets                                                                     (69,727)        (24,266)         (5,660)
          Accounts payable                                                                  29,673           1,622          12,783
          Accrued liabilities                                                               (6,919)         32,797          29,217
          Deferred income taxes                                                              2,994         (12,042)        (12,264)
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
            Net cash provided by operating activities                                       45,336         150,768          78,993
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
     INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
        Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                                           444           8,281              25
        Proceeds from sales of marketable securities, net                                    8,598           1,818           4,514
        Proceeds from sale of affiliate                                                      8,842               -               -
        Capital expenditures                                                              (134,884)       (115,820)        (45,238)
        Investment in affiliates, net                                                       (4,099)         (5,478)         16,579
        Purchase of held-to-maturity securities                                                  -               -          (1,008)
        Proceeds from maturity of securities                                                     -          17,306          13,338
        Change in short-term investments, net                                              (13,860)         76,755         (34,504)
        Acquisition of Westwood Studios, Inc.                                                    -        (122,688)              -
        Acquisition of Kesmai                                                              (22,500)              -               -
        Acquisition of other subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                            (22,096)        (11,805)         (3,225)
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
            Net cash used in investing activities                                         (179,555)       (151,631)        (49,519)
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
     FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
        Proceeds from sales of Class A shares through employee
             stock plans and other plans                                                    85,589          30,577          37,748
        Proceeds from sales of Class B shares and stock warrants to AOL                     20,000               -               -
        Purchase of treasury shares                                                              -          (9,001)              -
        Repayment of notes receivable                                                            -               -              87
        Tax benefit from exercise of stock options                                          32,563           5,614           7,931
        Proceeds from minority interest investment in consolidated joint venture                 -           2,109               -
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
            Net cash provided by financing activities                                      138,152          29,299          45,766
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------

     Translation adjustment                                                                    124          (2,191)         (1,273)
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
     Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   4,057          26,245          73,967
     Beginning cash and cash equivalents                                                   242,208         215,963         141,996
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
     Ending cash and cash equivalents                                                      246,265         242,208         215,963
     Short-term investments                                                                 93,539          70,614         158,597
                                                                                      ----------------------------------------------
     Ending cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                             $339,804        $312,822        $374,560
                                                                                      ==============================================

     Supplemental cash flow information:
        Cash paid during the year for income taxes                                        $ 15,525        $ 43,050        $ 32,888
                                                                                      ==============================================
     Non-cash investing activities:
        Class B common stock issued in connection with the Kesmai acquisition             $  9,353        $      -          $    -
        Change in unrealized appreciation of investments and marketable securities        $ (5,008)       $  1,805        $ (1,411)
                                                                                      ==============================================
<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>
                                                                 49

<PAGE>

ELECTRONIC ARTS AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

(1)  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Consolidation

The  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  include the  accounts of
Electronic Arts Inc. and its wholly-owned and  majority-owned  subsidiaries (the
"Company").  All significant  intercompany  balances and transactions  have been
eliminated in consolidation.

     A summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation
of the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company follows:

(a)  Fiscal Year

The  Company's  fiscal year is reported on a 52/53-week  period that ends on the
Saturday  nearest to March 31 in each year. The results of operations for fiscal
2000, 1999 and 1998 contain 52 weeks.  For clarity of presentation  herein,  all
fiscal periods are treated as ending on a calendar month end.

(b)  Revenue Recognition

The  Company's  revenue  recognition  policies are in  compliance  with American
Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants  Statement of Position ("SOP") 97-2,
"Software Revenue Recognition", and SOP 98-4, "Deferral of the Effective Date of
a  Provision  of  SOP  97-2",  which  provide  guidance  on  generally  accepted
accounting principles for recognizing revenue on software transactions. SOP 97-2
requires that revenue recognized from software arrangements be allocated to each
element of the  arrangement  based on the relative  fair values of the elements.
The Company has adopted the  provisions  of these SOPs as of April 1, 1998.  The
adoption  has, in certain  circumstances,  resulted  in the  deferral of certain
revenues  associated  with the  Company's  sales  promotions  and products  with
multiple deliverable elements. Neither the changes in certain business practices
nor the deferral of certain  revenues have resulted in a material  impact on the
Company's  operating  results,  financial  position or cash flows for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2000. Total deferred revenue at March 31, 2000 and 1999 was
$1,847,000, and $8,206,000, respectively.

In December  1998,  the Accounting  Standards  Executive  Committee of the AICPA
issued  SOP  98-9,  "Software  Revenue  Recognition,  with  Respect  to  Certain
Arrangements," which required recognition of revenue using the "residual method"
in a multiple element arrangement when fair value does not exist for one or more
of the  undelivered  elements  in the  arrangement.  SOP 98-9 is  effective  for
transactions entered into after March 15, 1999. Under the "residual method", the
total  fair value of the  undelivered  elements  is  deferred  and  subsequently
recognized in accordance  with SOP 97-2. The adoption of SOP 98-9 in fiscal year
2000 did not have a  material  change in the  accounting  for  revenues  for the
Company.

Product  Sales:  The Company  recognizes  revenue upon  shipment of its packaged
goods products based on "FOB Shipping"  terms.  Under FOB Shipping terms,  title
and  risk of loss  are  transferred  when  the  products  are  delivered  to the
customer.  In  order  to  recognize  revenue,  the  Company  must  not  have any
continuing  obligations  and it must  also be  probable  that the  Company  will
collect the accounts  receivable.  Subject to certain  limitations,  the Company
permits  customers to obtain  exchanges  within  certain  specified  periods and
provides price protection on certain unsold  merchandise.  Revenue is recognized
net of an allowance for returns and price protection.


Online  Subscription   Revenues:   Online  subscription   revenues  are  derived
principally from subscription revenues collected from customers for online play,
who are only contractually  obligated for pay on a month-to-month basis. Prepaid
monthly  subscription  revenues,  including  revenues collected from credit card
sales  as well as  sales  of  Gametime  subscription  cards,  are  deferred  and
subsequently  recognized  ratably over the period for which the hosting services
are provided.

Software Licenses: For those agreements which provide the customers the right to
multiple copies in exchange for guaranteed  minimum royalty amounts,  revenue is
recognized  at  delivery  of the  product  master  or the first  copy.  Per copy
royalties on sales that exceed the guarantee are recognized as earned.

Revenue  from the  licensing  of  software  was  $21,704,000,  $17,788,000,  and
$15,431,000  for  the  fiscal  years  ended  March  31,  2000,  1999  and  1998,
respectively.

(c)  Cash and Investments

Cash equivalents  consist of highly liquid  investments with  insignificant rate
risk  and  with  maturities  of three  months  or less at the date of  purchase.
Short-term  investments  include  securities with maturities  greater than three
months  and less than one year,  except  for  certain  investments  with  stated
maturities greater than one year.  Long-term  investments  consist of securities
with maturities greater than one year.

The Company  accounts for investments  under  Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.  115,  "Accounting  for  Certain  Investments  in Debt and Equity
Securities,"  ("SFAS 115").  The Company's policy is to protect the value of its
investment  portfolio and to minimize principal risk by earning returns based on
current interest rates. Management determines the appropriate  classification of
its debt and equity


                                       50

<PAGE>

securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates  such  designation as of each
balance sheet date. Debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity  when the
Company has the positive  intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity.
Securities  classified as held-to-maturity  are carried at amortized cost, which
is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity.
Such  amortization  is  included  in  interest  income.  Debt  securities,   not
classified as  held-to-maturity,  are classified as  available-for-sale  and are
stated at fair value.  Securities  sold is based on the specific  identification
method.

(d)  Prepaid Royalties

Prepaid royalties consist primarily of prepayments for manufacturing  royalties,
original equipment  manufacturer (OEM) fees and license fees paid to celebrities
and professional sports organizations for use of their trade name. Also included
in prepaid  royalties are prepayments  made to independent  software  developers
under  development  arrangements  that have  alternative  future  uses.  Prepaid
royalties  are  expensed at the  contractual  royalty rate as cost of goods sold
based on actual net product sales.  Management  evaluates the future realization
of prepaid royalties quarterly and charges to income any amounts that management
deems  unlikely to be realized  through  product  sales.  Royalty  advances  are
classified as current and  non-current  assets based upon  estimated net product
sales for the following year. The current portion of prepaid royalties, included
in other current  assets,  was $54,970,000 and $35,057,000 at March 31, 2000 and
1999,  respectively.  The long-term  portion of prepaid  royalties,  included in
other  assets,  was  $11,373,000  and  $7,602,000  at March  31,  2000 and 1999,
respectively.

(e)  Software Development Costs

Research and development costs, which consist primarily of software  development
costs, are expensed as incurred. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
86,  "Accounting  for the  Cost of  Computer  Software  to be Sold,  Leased,  or
Otherwise  Marketed"  ("SFAS 86"),  provides for the  capitalization  of certain
software  development  costs  incurred  after  technological  feasibility of the
software is established or for development  costs that have  alternative  future
uses.  Under the  Company's  current  practice of developing  new products,  the
technological  feasibility of the underlying  software is not established  until
substantially all product development is complete,  which generally includes the
development of a working model.  The software  development  costs that have been
capitalized to date have been insignificant.

(f)  Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Inventories at March 31,
2000 and 1999 consisted of:

======================================= =========== ============
                                           2000        1999
- --------------------------------------- ----------- ------------
                                            (in thousands)
Raw materials and work in process          $   920      $ 2,983
Finished goods                              22,066       19,393
- --------------------------------------- ----------- ------------
                                           $22,986      $22,376
- --------------------------------------- ----------- ------------

(g) Advertising Costs

The  Company  generally  expenses  advertising  costs as  incurred,  except  for
production  costs associated with media campaigns which are deferred and charged
to expense at the first run of the ad. Cooperative advertising with distributors
and  retailers is accrued when revenue is  recognized.  Cooperative  advertising
credits are reimbursed  when  qualifying  claims are  submitted.  For the fiscal
years  ended  March  31,  2000,  1999 and  1998,  advertising  expenses  totaled
approximately $87,377,000, $72,437,000 and $55,090,000, respectively.

(h)  Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation is calculated using the
accelerated and straight-line methods over the following useful lives:

- ----------------------------- ------------------------------------
Buildings                     20 to 25 years
- ----------------------------- ------------------------------------
Computer equipment and
software                      3 to 7 years
- ----------------------------- ------------------------------------
Furniture and equipment       3 to 7 years
- ----------------------------- ------------------------------------
Leasehold improvements        Lesser of the lease terms or the
                              estimated useful lives of the
                              improvements
- ----------------------------- ------------------------------------

(i)  Intangible Assets

Intangible   assets  net  of  amortization  at  March  31,  2000  and  1999,  of
$117,236,000,  and  $90,682,000,   respectively,   include  goodwill,  costs  of
obtaining product technology and noncompete  covenants which are amortized using
the straight-line  method over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the
agreement terms,  typically from two to twelve years.  Amortization  expense for
fiscal years ended March 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998 was  $11,989,000,  $5,880,000,
and $692,000,  respectively. The Company assesses the recoverability of goodwill
by determining  whether the carried value of the assets may be recovered through
estimated future cash flows.

(j)  Income Taxes

Income tax expense is based on reported  earnings before income taxes.  Deferred
income taxes  reflect the impact of  temporary  differences  between  assets and
liabilities  recognized  for  financial  reporting  purposes  and  such  amounts
recognized for tax purposes.


                                       51

<PAGE>

(k)  Foreign Currency Translation

For each of the Company's  foreign  subsidiaries the functional  currency is its
local currency. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into
U.S.  dollars  using  current  exchange  rates,  and  revenues  and expenses are
translated  into U.S.  dollars  using  average  exchange  rates.  The effects of
foreign  currency  translation  adjustments  are  deferred  and  included  as  a
component of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss) in  stockholders'
equity.

Foreign  currency  transaction  gains and  losses  are a result of the effect of
exchange rate changes on transactions  denominated in currencies  other than the
functional currency.  Included in interest and other income in the statements of
income are foreign  currency  transaction  losses of $1,781,000,  $1,168,000 and
$517,000,   for  the  fiscal  years  ended  March  31,  2000,   1999  and  1998,
respectively.

(l)  Net Income Per Share

The following  summarizes the  computations  of Basic Earnings Per Share ("EPS")
and  Diluted  EPS.  Basic  EPS  is  computed  as  net  earnings  divided  by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS
reflects the potential  dilution  that could occur from common  shares  issuable
through stock-based compensation plans including stock options, restricted stock
awards,  warrants and other  convertible  securities  using the  treasury  stock
method.

(In thousands, except for per share amounts):
=========================== ====================================
                                   Years Ended March 31,
                                   2000        1999        1998
- --------------------------- ------------ ----------- -----------
Net income                     $116,751     $72,872     $72,562
- --------------------------- ------------ ----------- -----------

Shares used to compute
net income per share:
Weighted-average
   common shares                 62,830      60,748      58,867
Dilutive stock options            3,541       2,524       2,091
- --------------------------- ------------ ----------- -----------
Dilutive potential common
   shares                        66,371      63,272      60,958
- --------------------------- ------------ ----------- -----------

Net income per share:
  Basic                        $   1.86     $  1.20     $  1.23
  Diluted                      $   1.76     $  1.15     $  1.19

Excluded from the above computation of  weighted-average  shares for diluted EPS
for the  fiscal  years  ended  March 31,  2000,  1999 and 1998 were  options  to
purchase 229,000, 645,000 and 137,000 shares of common stock,  respectively,  as
the options'  exercise  price was greater  than the average  market price of the
common shares.  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000,  the  weighted-average
exercise  price of the  respective  options  was $81.88.  Class B common  stock,
authorized  on March 22, 2000 was excluded from the  Company's  calculations  of
basic and diluted EPS because its impact on the calculations is immaterial.

(m) Employee Benefits

The Company has a 401(k) Plan covering  substantially all of its U.S. employees.
The 401(k)  Plan  permits  the Company to make  discretionary  contributions  to
employees'  accounts based on the Company's financial  performance.  The Company
contributed  $1,799,000,  $2,092,000  and  $902,000 to the Plan in fiscal  2000,
fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998, respectively.

(n) Stock-based Compensation

The Company  accounts for  stock-based  awards to employees  using the intrinsic
value method in  accordance  with  Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25").

(o) Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In December 1999, the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") issued Staff
Accounting  Bulletin No. 101("SAB 101"),  "Revenue  Recognition," which outlines
the basic criteria that must be met to recognize  revenue and provides  guidance
for  presentation of revenue and for disclosure  related to revenue  recognition
policies in financial  statements  filed with the SEC. SAB 101 is effective  for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1999,  except, as amended by SAB 101A,
registrants with fiscal years that begin between December 16, 1999 and March 15,
2000 may  report a change  in  accounting  principle  no later  than the  second
quarter of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1999. The Company  believes
the  adoption  of SAB 101 will  not  have a  material  impact  on the  Company's
financial position and results of operations.

In March 2000, the Emerging  Issues Task Force issued No. 00-02 ("EITF  00-02"),
"Accounting for Web Site  Development  Costs".  EITF 00-02 states that all costs
relating to software used to operate a web site and relating to  development  of
initial  graphics and web page design should be accounted for using Statement of
Position ("SOP") 98-1. Under this SOP, costs incurred in the preliminary project
stage  should  be  expensed  as  incurred,  as  should  most  training  and data
conversion  costs.  External direct costs of materials and services and internal
direct  payroll-related  costs should be capitalized  once certain  criteria are
met. EITF 00-02 is effective for all fiscal  quarters  beginning  after June 30,
2000.  The  Company  does not expect a  significant  impact on the  consolidated
results of operations,  financial position or cash flows on the EITF's effective
date.

In March 2000, the Emerging  Issues Task Force issued No. 00-03 ("EITF  00-03"),
"Application of AICPA SOP 97-2, "Software Revenue  Recognition," to Arrangements
That Include the Right to Use  Software  Stored on Another  Entity's  Hardware",
which  discusses  the  effect on  revenue  recognition  of a  software  vendor's
obligation to host its software that previously was licensed to a customer.  The
EITF has reached the  conclusion  that, if the customer is unable to utilize the


                                       52

<PAGE>

software on the customer's  hardware or contract with another party unrelated to
the vendor to host the  software,  then the  arrangement  with the  customer  is
outside the scope of SOP 97-2 and should be treated as a service  contract.  The
Company may be required to change the timing of its revenue  recognition related
to product  revenues.  The Company  believes the adoption of EITF 00-03 will not
have a  material  impact on the  Company's  financial  position  and  results of
operations.

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement
of  Financial   Accounting  Standards  No.  133  ("SFAS  133")  "Accounting  for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", which establishes accounting and
reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities.  SFAS 133
is  effective  as of the  beginning  of the first  quarter  of the  fiscal  year
beginning after June 15, 2000. The Company is determining the effect of SFAS 133
on its financial statements.

In March 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants  ("AICPA")
issued SOP 98-1,  "Accounting  for the Costs of Computer  Software  Developed or
Obtained  for  Internal  Use".  SOP 98-1  requires  that  consulting,  hardware,
software and direct  payroll-related costs associated with the implementation of
customized internal-use software be capitalized and amortized over the estimated
useful life of the  software.  These costs relate to game site  application  and
infrastructure  design and  development,  as well as costs  related to providing
customer  account  management  and  building  in  e-Commerce  functionality  and
interfaces.  SOP 98-1 is effective  for financial  statements  issued for fiscal
years  beginning  after December 15, 1998. As of March 31, 2000, the Company has
capitalized  $26,318,000 of these costs  associated with the effort to build and
support the EA.com game sites at launch.

(p) Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally  accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosures  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Such
estimates  include   provisions  for  doubtful   accounts,   sales  returns  and
allowances,  warranty provisions,  and estimates regarding the recoverability of
prepaid royalty advances and inventories. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

(q)  Reclassifications

Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to fiscal 2000 presentation.

(r) Long-Lived Assets

The Company evaluates long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles for
impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability of assets is
measured by a comparison  of the carrying  amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the
carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.

(2) APPROVAL OF THE TRACKING STOCK PROPOSAL

On March 22, 2000, the  stockholders  of Electronic Arts voted on and approved a
proposal  (the  "Tracking  Stock  Proposal")  to authorize the issuance of a new
series of  common  stock to be  designated  as Class B common  stock  ("Tracking
Stock"),  intended to reflect the  performance  of  Electronic  Arts' online and
e-Commerce  division  ("EA.com").  As a result of the  approval of the  Tracking
Stock Proposal, Electronic Arts' existing common stock has been re-classified as
Class A  common  stock  ("Class  A  Stock")  and that  stock  will  reflect  the
performance of Electronic Arts' other businesses ("EA Core").


(3) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(a) Cash and Investments

===================================== ===========================
                                              March 31,
                                          2000          1999
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
                                            (in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents:
   Cash                                   $153,436      $106,641
   Municipal securities                     81,326             -
   Money market funds                       11,503       135,567
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
   Cash and cash equivalents               246,265       242,208
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
Short-term investments:
   Available-for-sale
    Municipal securities                    76,513        21,700
    Corporate bonds                          3,013             -
    U.S. Agency bonds                        4,013             -
    Money market preferreds                      -        43,114
   Held-to-maturity
    U.S. Treasury securities                10,000         5,800
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
   Short-term investments                   93,539        70,614
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
Cash, cash equivalents and short-
   term investments                       $339,804      $312,822
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------

- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------
Long-term investments:
   U.S. Treasury securities               $  8,400      $ 18,400
- ------------------------------------- ------------- -------------

Long-term and short-term  held-to-maturity  investments include commercial notes
with original  maturities of five to eight years secured by U.S.  Treasury Notes
which enable the Company to take  advantage of certain tax  incentives  from its
Puerto Rico operation.  These  investments are treated as  held-to-maturity  for
financial reporting purposes.


                                       53

<PAGE>


The fair value of held-to-maturity  securities at March 31, 2000 was $18,162,000
which  included  gross  unrealized  losses  of  $238,000.   The  fair  value  of
held-to-maturity  securities at March 31, 1999 was  $24,353,000  which  included
gross unrealized gains of $153,000.

(b)  Marketable Securities

Marketable  securities  are  comprised  of equity  securities.  The  Company has
accounted for investments in equity securities as  "available-for-sale"  and has
stated applicable  investments at fair value,  with net unrealized  appreciation
reported as a separate  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income
(loss) in stockholders'  equity.  Marketable securities had an aggregate cost of
$15,000  and  $585,000 at March 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  At March 31,
2000,  marketable  securities  included gross unrealized  gains of $221,000.  At
March  31,  1999  marketable  securities  included  gross  unrealized  gains  of
$4,299,000.

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000 and 1999, the fair value of marketable
securities sold was $8,604,000 and $1,818,000,  respectively. The gross realized
gains from these sales totaled  $7,528,000  and  $1,454,000  for fiscal 2000 and
1999,  respectively.  The gain on sale of  investments  is based on the specific
identification method.

(c) Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contracts

The Company  utilizes  foreign  exchange  contracts  to hedge  foreign  currency
exposures of underlying assets and liabilities,  primarily certain  intercompany
receivables  that are denominated in foreign  currencies,  thereby  limiting our
risk..  The Company does not use forward  exchange  contracts for speculative or
trading purposes.  The Company's  accounting  policies for these instruments are
based on the Company's  designation of such instruments as hedging transactions.
The criteria the Company uses for  designating  an instrument as a hedge include
the  instrument's  effectiveness  in risk reduction and  one-to-one  matching of
forward  exchange  contracts  to  underlying  transactions.  Gains and losses on
currency  forward  contracts that are designated and effective as hedges of firm
commitments  are deferred and  recognized  in income in the same period that the
underlying  transactions  are  settled.  Gains and  losses on  currency  forward
contracts that are  designated and effective as hedges of existing  transactions
are  recognized  in  income  in the  same  period  as  losses  and  gains on the
underlying transactions are recognized and generally offset. Gains and losses on
any  instruments not meeting the above criteria would be recognized in income in
the  current  period.   The  Company  transacts   business  in  various  foreign
currencies.  At March 31, 2000, the Company had foreign exchange contracts,  all
with  maturities  of less than nine months,  to purchase and sell  approximately
$242,143,000 in foreign currencies,  primarily in British Pounds, Euro, Canadian
Dollars, Japanese Yen and other European currencies.

Fair value  represents the difference in value of the contracts at the spot rate
and the forward rate,  plus the  unamortized  premium or discount.  At March 31,
2000, fair value of these contracts is not significant.  The  counterparties  to
these contracts are substantial and creditworthy multinational commercial banks.
The risks of counterparty nonperformance associated with these contracts are not
considered  to be  material.  Notwithstanding  our  efforts  to  manage  foreign
exchange  risk,  there can be no  assurances  that our hedging  activities  will
adequately  protect  us  against  the risks  associated  with  foreign  currency
fluctuations.

(4)  COMMITMENTS

Lease Obligations

The Company leases certain of its current facilities and certain equipment under
non-cancelable  operating  lease  agreements.  The  Company is  required  to pay
property  taxes,  insurance  and  normal  maintenance  costs for  certain of its
facilities and will be required to pay any increases over the base year of these
expenses on the remainder of the Company's facilities.

In  February  1995,  the  Company  entered  into a master  operating  lease,  as
subsequently amended, for land and a building to be constructed in Redwood City,
California.  The  initial  term of the lease is for a period of three years from
November 30, 1998.  Monthly lease  payments are based upon the London  InterBank
Offered  Rate.  The  Company  has the option to purchase  the  property  for the
unamortized financed balance at any time after the non-cancelable lease term, or
it may  terminate  the  lease  at any  time  after  the  non-cancelable  term by
arranging  a third  party sale or by making a  termination  payment.  Should the
Company elect to terminate the lease,  it will  guarantee a residual value of up
to 85% of the unamortized value of the property.  As part of the agreement,  the
Company must also comply with certain financial covenants.

Total future minimum lease commitments as of March 31, 2000 are:

======================================= ========================
Year Ended March 31:                            (in thousands)
   2001                                                 $22,760
   2002                                                  16,477
   2003                                                   7,266
   2004                                                   5,681
   2005                                                   3,745
   Thereafter                                             7,719
- --------------------------------------- ------------------------
                                                        $63,648
- --------------------------------------- ------------------------

Total rent expense for all operating  leases was  $23,591,000,  $19,480,000  and
$13,842,000,  for the  fiscal  years  ended  March  31,  2000,  1999  and  1998,
respectively.


                                       54

<PAGE>

(5) AMERICA ONLINE, INC. ("AOL") AGREEMENT

In November 1999,  Electronic Arts Inc., EA.com and AOL entered into a five year
agreement which establishes the basis for EA.com's production of a games site on
the world wide web that will be  available  to AOL  subscribers  and to users of
other branded AOL properties. Under this agreement, EA.com is required to launch
its site no later  than June 1,  2000,  although,  under  certain  circumstances
described in the  agreement,  this date can be extended to September 1, 2000. If
the site is not launched  within the  specified  time frame,  and if  prescribed
additions to the site are not achieved within a specified time frame or the site
does not contain  content as required under the agreement,  then,  under certain
circumstances, AOL would have the ability to terminate the agreement.

The Company is required to pay  $50,000,000  to AOL as a carriage fee (including
certain  advertising  fees of which  $604,000  was  expensed for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2000) under the AOL agreement.  Of this amount,  $25,000,000 was
paid  upon  signing  the  agreement  and  the  remainder  is due in  four  equal
installments on the first four anniversaries of the initial payment.  Payment of
the first annual  installment of $6,250,000  will be accelerated to June 1, 2000
since certain launch  requirements  will not be met by that date. The Company is
also required to pay to AOL  $31,000,000  as an advance of a minimum  guaranteed
revenue  share  for  revenues  generated  by  subscriptions  and  other  certain
commercial  transactions on the EA.com site. Of this amount $11,000,000 was paid
upon  signing of the  agreement  and the  remainder  is due in four equal annual
installments on the first anniversary of the initial payment.  The fair value of
the payments  made under the AOL  agreement  was  determined  by an  independent
valuation and the resulting  amounts will be amortized  (beginning with the site
launch)  over  the  remaining  term of the  five  year  agreement.  Advances  of
$35,395,000 are included in other long-term assets as of March 31, 2000.

The Company also committed to spend  $15,000,000 in offline media  advertisments
promoting its games on AOL during the term of the agreement.

Sale of Class B Common Stock and Warrant to AOL

In connection  with the  agreement  with AOL, the Company sold shares of Class B
common stock to AOL (the "AOL  Shares")  representing  10 percent of the initial
equity value attributable to EA.com valued at $18,700,000.

In  addition  to the AOL  Shares,  the  Company  sold AOL a  warrant  (the  "AOL
Warrant") to purchase shares of Class B common stock  representing an additional
5 percent of the initial equity value attributable to EA.com for $1,300,000. The
aggregate exercise price of the AOL Warrant will be $40,000,000. The AOL Warrant
expires  at the latest at the fifth  anniversary  of its date of  issuance,  and
under certain conditions may expire at an earlier date.

AOL Exchange Rights

If a Qualified  Public Offering (as defined in the AOL Agreement) does not occur
within 12 months  following  the initial sale of the AOL Shares to AOL, then AOL
may  exchange  their Class B common  stock shares for a number of Class A common
stock  based on the ratio of per share  price  paid by AOL for the Class B stock
relative to $83.7958.


(6)  CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

The  Company  extends  credit  to  various  companies  in the  retail  and  mass
merchandising  industry.  Collection  of trade  receivables  may be  affected by
changes in economic or other industry  conditions and may,  accordingly,  impact
the  Company's  overall  credit risk.  Although the Company  generally  does not
require  collateral,  the Company  performs  ongoing  credit  evaluations of its
customers and reserves for potential credit losses are maintained.

Short-term   investments   are  placed   with  high   credit-quality   financial
institutions or in short-duration  high quality  securities.  The Company limits
the  amount of credit  exposure  in any one  institution  or type of  investment
instrument.


(7)  LITIGATION

The  Company  is subject to pending  claims and  litigation.  Management,  after
review and  consultation  with counsel,  considers  that any liability  from the
disposition of such lawsuits  would not have a material  adverse effect upon the
consolidated financial condition of the Company.


(8)  PREFERRED STOCK

At March 31, 2000 and 1999,  the Company had  10,000,000  and 1,000,000  shares,
respectively,   of  Preferred  Stock   authorized  but  unissued.   The  rights,
preferences,  and  restrictions  of the Preferred Stock may be designated by the
Board of Directors without further action by the Company's stockholders.


(9)  TREASURY STOCK

In February 1999,  the Board of Directors  approved a plan to purchase up to two
million shares of the Company's common stock. For the year ended March 31, 2000,
the Company did not  repurchase  shares.  For the year ended March 31, 1999, the
Company  repurchased  222,500  shares for  approximately  $9,001,000  under this
program.  For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000 and 1999, 122,563 and 99,937
shares were reissued under the Company's Stock Plans, respectively.


                                       55

<PAGE>

When treasury shares were reissued,  any excess of the average  acquisition cost
of the  shares  over the  proceeds  from  reissuance  was  charged  to  retained
earnings.

 (10) STOCK PLANS

(a)  Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The  Company  has an Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan  program  whereby  eligible
employees may authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their compensation to
purchase shares at 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date of  commencement of the offering or on the last day of the six-month
purchase  period.  The program  commenced  in  September  1991.  In fiscal 2000,
245,523  shares were  purchased by the Company and  distributed  to employees at
prices  ranging  from  $32.41 to $58.28.  In fiscal  1999,  241,514  shares were
purchased by the Company and  distributed  to  employees at prices  ranging from
$26.19 to $36.60.  In fiscal 1998,  199,680 shares were purchased by the Company
and  distributed to employees at prices ranging from $26.14 to $26.19 per share.
The weighted average fair value of the fiscal 2000,  fiscal 1999 and fiscal 1998
awards was $20.00,  $18.27 and $9.43,  respectively.  Under the  Employee  Stock
Purchase Plan 30,928 shares were  distributed  from reissued  treasury  stock in
fiscal 1999. No shares were distributed  from reissued  treasury stock in fiscal
2000 or fiscal 1998. At March 2000, the Company had 366,921 shares of its Common
Stock reserved for future issuance under the Plan.

Prior to the  Maxis  merger in July  1997,  Maxis  employees  were  eligible  to
participate in an employee stock purchase plan. In fiscal 1998,  Maxis purchased
7,684 shares under this plan which were distributed to participating  employees.
Shares were purchased at prices ranging from $27.70 to $27.99 in fiscal 1998.

(b)  Stock Option Plans

The Company's 1991 Stock Option Plan,  1993 Stock Option Plan, 1995 Stock Option
Plan, and Directors' Plan ("Option  Plans") provide stock options for employees,
officers and directors.  Pursuant to these Option Plans,  the Board of Directors
may grant  non-qualified  and incentive  stock options to employees and officers
and non-qualified  options to directors,  at not less than the fair market value
on the date of grant.

Together  with the  Tracking  Stock  Proposal,  the  stockholders  approved  the
Electronic Arts Inc. 2000 Class B Equity  Incentive Plan and the Electronic Arts
Inc.  2000 Class A Equity  Incentive  Plan.  The Class B equity  plan allows the
award of stock options or  restricted  stock for up to an aggregate of 6,000,000
shares of Class B common  stock and the Class A equity  plan allows the award of
stock options and restricted stock for up to an aggregate of 3,100,000 shares of
Class A common stock.  Each includes a provision for automatic  option grants to
the  Company's  outside  directors.  As of March 31,  2000  there were no shares
granted under either plan.

Under the Company's stock option plans,  122,563 and 69,009 shares were reissued
from  treasury  stock in fiscal  2000 and  1999,  respectively.  No shares  were
distributed from reissued treasury stock in fiscal 1998.

The options  generally expire ten years from the date of grant and are generally
exercisable in monthly  increments  over 50 months.  Certain  options assumed in
connection  with the Maxis  merger in fiscal 1998 expire ten years from the date
of  grant,  and  vest  and  become  exercisable  at a rate  of 25% on the  first
anniversary of the date of grant and 25% of the shares each year thereafter.

Class B common stock grants will  generally  vest over 50 months with 2% vesting
per month.

The Company has adopted the disclosure-only provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 123,  "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation" ("SFAS
123").  Accordingly,  no  compensation  expense has been  recognized for options
granted under the Company's  employee-based stock option plans. Had compensation
expense  been  determined  based on the fair value at the grant dates for awards
under those plans in accordance  with the  provisions of SFAS 123, the Company's
pro forma net income and net  income  per share for fiscal  2000,  1999 and 1998
would have been:

(In thousands, except per share data)
=================================================================
                             2000         1999        1998
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Net income
   As reported                  $116,751     $72,872     $72,562
   Pro forma                    $ 78,380     $45,886     $52,892

Earnings per share
   As reported - basic             $1.86       $1.20       $1.23
   Pro forma - basic               $1.26       $0.77       $0.91
   As reported - diluted           $1.76       $1.15       $1.19
   Pro forma - diluted             $1.19       $0.74       $0.88
- -----------------------------------------------------------------

The fair value of each option  grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes  option-pricing model. The following weighted-average  assumptions
are used for grants made in 2000, 1999 and 1998 under the stock plans: risk-free
interest  rates of 4.93% to 6.54% in 2000;  4.39% to 5.55% in 1999; and 5.31% to
6.42% in 1998; expected volatility of 65% in fiscal 2000, 59% in fiscal 1999 and
58% in fiscal 1998;  expected lives of 2.29 years in fiscal 2000,  2.27 years in
fiscal  1999 and 2.25 years in fiscal  1998 under the Option  Plans and one year
for the Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan. No dividends are assumed in the expected
term.  The  Company's  calculations  are based on a  multiple  option  valuation
approach and forfeitures are recognized when they occur.  The above  disclosures
include  options  granted  under the former  Maxis  option plans as if they were
initially granted by the Company.


                                       56

<PAGE>

Because SFAS 123 is applicable only to options  granted  subsequent to March 31,
1995, the impact of non-vested stock options granted prior to this date has been
excluded from the pro forma calculation.  Accordingly, pro forma adjustments are
not  indicative of future period pro forma  adjustments  as the pro forma effect
will not be fully reflected until subsequent years.


                                       57

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
Additional  information regarding options outstanding as of March 31, 2000 is as
follows:
<CAPTION>
                              ==================================================================

                              ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Options Outstanding              Options Exercisable
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Weighted-
                                                Average    Weighted-                  Weighted-
                                              Remaining      Average                    Average
                                Number of   Contractual     Exercise     Number of     Exercise
Range of Exercise Prices           Shares          Life        Price        Shares        Price
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>         <C>                 <C>                <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>
$  1.990 -  $23.500             1,684,898          4.21       $16.48     1,444,433       $15.34
  23.750 -   29.875             1,544,350          6.52        27.37     1,144,030        27.66
  30.000 -   35.000             1,524,245          6.97        34.15       653,137        33.49
  35.063 -   43.125             1,263,602          8.08        39.64       365,063        40.01
  43.625 -   46.875             1,467,705          8.62        44.61       404,804        44.12
  47.125 -   57.938             1,025,608          8.77        50.62       208,722        49.82
  59.750                        1,826,819          9.39        59.75       205,977        59.75
  66.375 -   83.875               761,102          9.68        74.38        20,293        72.67
  87.813                          185,600          9.93        87.81            56        87.81
  91.938                          183,025          9.65        91.94         7,147        91.94

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$  1.990 -  $91.938            11,466,954          7.65       $42.60     4,453,662       $29.86
================================================================================================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
The following  summarizes  the activity  under the Company's  stock option plans
during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998:
<CAPTION>
                                                       =========================================
                                                                 Options Outstanding
                                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                                              Weighted-Average
                                                                  Shares        Exercise Price
                                                       -----------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                        <C>
Balance at March 31, 1997                                      8,323,568                 $21.97

Granted                                                        3,833,539                  32.92
Canceled                                                        (616,275)                 37.96
Exercised                                                     (1,688,702)                 18.92
                                                       -----------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 1998 (3,961,559 shares were
exercisable at a weighted average price of $18.83)             9,852,130                  25.76

Granted                                                        3,147,216                  44.18
Canceled                                                        (568,983)                 34.74
Exercised                                                       (991,104)                 22.73
                                                       -----------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 1999 (5,094,075 shares were
exercisable at a weighted average price of $22.79)            11,439,259                  30.65

Granted                                                        3,907,976                  63.84
Canceled                                                        (860,586)                 43.36
Exercised                                                     (3,019,695)                 24.83
                                                       -----------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 2000                                     11,466,954                 $42.60
                                                       -----------------------------------------
Options available for grant at March 31, 2000                  3,582,266
</TABLE>


                                              58

<PAGE>




(11) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment at March 31, 2000 and 1999 consisted of:

================================================================================
                                                             2000        1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (in thousands)
Computer equipment and software                            $213,815    $127,330
Buildings                                                    99,819      62,413
Land                                                         51,686      50,570
Office equipment, furniture and
   fixtures                                                  25,210      21,296
Leasehold improvements                                       12,157       5,749
Warehouse equipment and other                                 3,914       3,813
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            406,601     271,171
Less accumulated depreciation and
   amortization                                            (121,135)    (89,905)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           $285,466    $181,266
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Depreciation  and amortization  expenses  associated with property and equipment
amounted to $34,736,000, $34,581,000 and $26,215,000, for the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

(12) ACCRUED AND OTHER LIABILITIES

Accrued and other liabilities at March 31, 2000 and 1999 consisted of:

================================================================================
                                                             2000         1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             (in thousands)
Accrued compensation and benefits                          $ 59,580     $ 46,541
Accrued expenses                                             37,840       46,595
Accrued royalties                                            36,566       36,429
Accrued income taxes                                         22,682       23,724
Warranty reserve                                              8,886        7,900
Deferred revenue                                              1,847        8,206
Deferred income taxes                                           198        2,933
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           $167,599     $172,328
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(13)  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND DIVESTITURE

(a) Kesmai

On February 7, 2000, the Company acquired Kesmai Corporation (now referred to as
"Kesmai")  from  News  America   Corporation   ("News  Corp")  in  exchange  for
$22,500,000 in cash and approximately  103,000 shares of the Company's  existing
common  stock valued at  $8,650,000.  Kesmai(TM)  specializes  in the design and
development  of  multiplayer  games  delivered  directly to  consumers  over the
Internet and is a major provider of game content to the Games Channel on the AOL
service.  The issuance of these shares was temporary,  pending the authorization
of Class B common stock.  Subsequently,  on March 22, 2000,  Class B shares were
authorized.  The Company granted 5 percent of the initial equity attributable to
EA.com to News Corp, adjusting the total common stock consideration  relating to
the acquisition by $703,000 to $9,353,000. The Company has contributed Kesmai to
the EA.com division.

The Company is also committed to spend $5 million in advertising with News Corp.
or any of its affiliates.

If a qualified  public  offering of Class B common  stock does not occur  within
twenty-four  months of News Corp's  purchase of such shares,  then News Corp has
the right to (1) exchange Class B common stock for approximately  103,000 shares
of Class A common stock, and (2) receive cash from Electronic Arts in the amount
of $9,650,000.

The acquisition has been accounted for under the purchase method. The results of
operations of Kesmai and the estimated fair market values of the acquired assets
and liabilities have been included in the consolidated financial statements from
the date of  acquisition.  The adjusted  allocation of the excess purchase price
over the net tangible  liabilities  assumed was $32,815,000,  of which, based on
management's  estimates  prepared in  conjunction  with a third party  valuation
consultant,  $3,869,000  was  allocated  to  purchased  in-process  research and
development and $28,946,000 was allocated to other  intangible  assets.  Amounts
allocated  to  other  intangibles  include  goodwill  of  $18,932,000,  existing
technology  of  $3,992,000,  amounts  attributed  to a prior  AOL  agreement  of
$3,131,000 and other  intangibles  of  $2,891,000.  The allocation of intangible
assets is being amortized over lives ranging from two to seven years.

Purchased  in-process research and development includes the value of products in
the  development  stage that are not  considered  to have reached  technological
feasibility or to have alternative future use.  Accordingly,  this non-recurring
item was expensed in the Consolidated  Statement of Income upon  consummation of
the  acquisition.   The  non-recurring   charge  for  in-process   research  and
development  reduced diluted  earnings per share by  approximately  $0.04 in the
fiscal year 2000.

In connection with the acquisition of Kesmai, the Company allocated and expensed
$3,869,000 of the purchase price to acquired in-process  technology.  Kesmai had
various  projects  in  progress  at  the  time  of  the  acquisition.  As of the
acquisition date, costs to complete Kesmai projects acquired were expected to be
approximately  $10,550,000 in future  periods.  The Company  believes there have
been no significant changes


                                       59

<PAGE>

to these  estimates  as of March 31,  2000.  The  Company  currently  expects to
complete the  development of these projects at various dates through fiscal 2002
and to publish the projects upon  completion.  In conjunction with the merger of
Kesmai, the Company accrued approximately $200,000 related to direct transaction
costs and other related costs. At March 31, 2000 there were $133,000 in accruals
remaining related to these items.

The purchase price for the Kesmai  transaction  was allocated to assets acquired
and liabilities assumed as set forth below (in thousands):

================================================================================
Current assets (net of cash acquired)                                     $ 605
Fixed assets (net of depreciation)                                          759
In-process technology                                                     3,869
Goodwill and other intangibles                                           28,946
Liabilities                                                             (2,326)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total cash and stock paid                                               $31,853
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following table reflects  unaudited pro forma combined results of operations
of the Company and Kesmai on the basis that the  acquisition  had taken place on
April 1, 1998 (in thousands, except per share data):

================================================================================
                                                          Year Ended March 31,
                                                          2000          1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net revenues                                           $1,421,313    $1,223,444
Net income                                             $  113,996      $ 64,237
Net income per share - basic                                $1.81         $1.06
Net income per share - diluted                              $1.72         $1.02
Number of shares used in
computation - basic                                        62,830        60,748
Number of shares used in
computation - diluted                                      66,371        63,272
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In management's  opinion, the unaudited pro forma combined results of operations
are not  indicative  of the actual  results  that would  have  occurred  had the
acquisition  been  consummated  at the  beginning  of  fiscal  1999 or of future
operations of the combined  companies  under the ownership and management of the
Company.

(b) Westwood Studios

In September 1998, the Company  completed the  acquisition of Westwood  Studios,
Inc.  and  certain  assets  of the  Irvine,  California  - based  Virgin  Studio
(collectively  "Westwood") for  approximately  $122,688,000  in cash,  including
transaction expenses.  The adjusted allocation of the excess purchase price over
the net  tangible  liabilities  assumed  was  $128,573,000  of  which,  based on
management's  estimates  prepared in  conjunction  with a third party  valuation
consultant,  $41,836,000  was  allocated  to purchased  in-process  research and
development and $86,737,000 was allocated to other  intangible  assets.  Amounts
allocated to other  intangibles  include  franchise  trade names of $32,357,000,
existing  technology of $6,510,000,  workforces of $1,680,000 and other goodwill
of  $46,190,000  and are being  amortized  over lives ranging from two to twelve
years.  Purchased  in-process  research  and  development  includes the value of
products  in the  development  stage  that are not  considered  to have  reached
technological  feasibility or to have alternative future use. Accordingly,  this
non-recurring  item was  expensed in the  Consolidated  Statement of Income upon
consummation  of  the  acquisition.  The  non-recurring  charge  for  in-process
research and  development  reduced diluted  earnings per share by  approximately
$0.59 in the fiscal year 1999. The results of the operations of Westwood and the
estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities  assumed are included in
the Company's financial statements from the date of acquisition.

In conjunction  with the merger of Westwood,  the Company accrued  approximately
$1,500,000  related to direct  transaction costs and other related accruals.  At
March 31,  2000,  there were  $500,000  in accruals  remaining  related to these
items.

In  connection  with the  Westwood  acquisition,  the  purchase  price  has been
allocated to the assets and  liabilities  assumed  based upon the fair values on
the date of acquisition, as follows (in thousands):

================================================================================
Current assets                                                          $ 4,500
Property and equipment                                                    3,257
In-process technology                                                    41,836
Other intangible assets                                                  86,737
Current liabilities                                                    (13,642)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total purchase price                                                   $122,688
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The following table reflects  unaudited pro forma combined results of operations
of the Company and Westwood on the basis that the acquisition had taken place on
April 1, 1997 (in thousands, except per share data):

================================================================================
                                                             1999          1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenues                                               $1,229,055    $1,011,234
Net income                                              $ 111,308      $ 64,604
Net income per share - basic                                $1.83         $1.10
Net income per share - diluted                              $1.76         $1.06
Number of shares used in
computation - basic                                        60,748        58,867
Number of shares used in
computation - diluted                                      63,272        60,958
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In management's  opinion, the unaudited pro forma combined results of operations
are not  indicative  of the actual  results  that would  have  occurred  had the
acquisition been consummated at the beginning of fiscal 1998 or at the beginning
of fiscal  1999 or of future  operations  of the  combined  companies  under the
ownership and management of the Company.


                                       60

<PAGE>

(c) ABC Software

In July 1998,  the  Company  acquired  ABC  Software  AG and ABC  Software  GmbH
(collectively "ABC"), independent distributors of entertainment, edutainment and
application software in Switzerland and Austria, respectively, for approximately
$9,466,000  in cash (net of cash acquired of  $5,099,000)  and $570,000 in other
consideration. The transaction has been accounted for under the purchase method.
The  excess  purchase  price  over the fair  value  of the net  tangible  assets
acquired of  approximately  $7,377,000  was  allocated  to goodwill and is being
amortized over 7 years.

(d) Square Co., Ltd.

In May 1998, the Company and Square Co., Ltd.  ("Square"),  a leading  developer
and publisher of entertainment software in Japan, completed the formation of two
new joint ventures in North America and Japan.  In North America,  the companies
formed Square Electronic Arts, LLC ("Square EA"), which has exclusive publishing
rights in North America for future interactive  entertainment  titles created by
Square. Additionally, the Company has the exclusive right to distribute in North
America  products  published  by this joint  venture.  The  Company  contributed
$3,000,000  and owns a 30% minority  interest in this joint venture while Square
owns 70%. This joint venture is accounted for under the equity method.

In Japan, the companies established  Electronic Arts Square KK ("EA Square KK"),
which will  localize and publish in Japan the  Company's  properties  originally
created in North  America  and Europe,  as well as develop and publish  original
video  games in  Japan.  The  Company  contributed  cash and has a 70%  majority
ownership interest, while Square contributed cash and owns 30%. Accordingly, the
assets,  liabilities  and results of operations for EA Square KK are included in
the Company's  Consolidated  Balance Sheets and Results of Operations since June
1, 1998,  the date of formation.  Square's 30% interest in EA Square KK has been
reflected as "Minority  interest in consolidated joint venture" on the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements.

(e) Maxis, Inc.

On July 25, 1997, the Company completed a merger with Maxis, Inc.  ("Maxis"),  a
California-based   interactive   software  developer.   Under  the  transaction,
approximately  4.1 million  shares of Electronic  Arts' stock were exchanged for
all  outstanding  Maxis common  stock.  The  transaction  was accounted for as a
pooling of interests. The accompanying financial statements,  notes and analyses
have been restated for all periods presented to reflect this transaction.

In  conjunction  with  the  merger  of  Maxis,  the  Company  recorded  costs of
$10,792,000.  This  charge  included  direct  transaction  fees  for  investment
bankers,  attorneys,  accountants,  and  other  related  costs of  approximately
$2,781,000  and costs  associated  with  integrating  the  operations of the two
companies of approximately  $8,011,000.  Included in the integration  costs were
redundant facility costs,  severance payments,  equipment  abandonment costs and
other  asset  write  downs,  contract  termination  charges  and  other  related
expenses.  Of the total merger costs,  approximately  $5,185,000 related to cash
expenditures while approximately $5,607,000 related to noncash charges. At March
31,  2000,  there were no accruals  remaining  related to these  merger  related
costs.

(f)  Creative Wonders, LLC

In December 1997, the Company  completed the sale of its 50% ownership  interest
in Creative  Wonders,  LLC, a joint venture  company formed with the Walt Disney
Company for  $16,750,000 in cash. The Company  recognized a gain of $12,625,000,
which is included in interest and other income.  Prior to the sale,  the Company
distributed  children's  interactive  titles  published  and  sold by the  joint
venture into the retail  channel.  The  investment  was  accounted for under the
equity method prior to sale.

(g) Other Business Combinations

Additionally,  during the year ended March 31,  2000,  the Company  acquired two
software  development  companies.  In connection  with these  acquisitions,  the
Company incurred a charge of $2,670,000 for acquired in-process technology.  The
charge was made after the Company  concluded that the in-process  technology had
not reached  technological  feasibility and had no alternative  future use after
taking into  consideration  the potential for usage of the software in different
products and resale of the software.

During the quarter  ended June 30,  1998,  the  Company  acquired  two  software
development  companies.  In  connection  with these  acquisitions,  the  Company
incurred a charge of $2,279,000 for acquired in-process  technology.  The charge
was made after the Company  concluded  that the  in-process  technology  had not
reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use after taking
into consideration the potential for usage of the software in different products
and resale of the software.


                                       61

<PAGE>

(14) INCOME TAXES

   The Company's  pretax income from operations for the fiscal years ended March
31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 consisted of the following components:

===============================================================================
(in thousands)                               2000         1999         1998
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Domestic                                     $104,096     $ 79,789     $51,620
Foreign                                        65,718       38,669      56,640
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total pretax income                          $169,814     $118,458    $108,260
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income tax expense (benefit) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998 consisted of:
================================================================================
(in thousands)                                 Current      Deferred     Total
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2000:
   Federal                                      $2,766       $3,231      $5,997
   State                                           299          859       1,158
   Foreign                                      15,573       (2,649)     12,924
   Charge in lieu of taxes
     from employee stock plans                  32,563            -      32,563
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               $51,201       $1,441     $52,642
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1999:
   Federal                                     $31,204     $(10,340)    $20,864
   State                                         4,401       (2,590)      1,811
   Foreign                                      15,715        1,410      17,125
   Charge in lieu of taxes
     from employee stock plans                   5,614            -       5,614
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               $56,934     $(11,520)    $45,414
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   1998:
   Federal                                     $14,751      $(7,585)     $7,166
   State                                         1,361         (727)        634
   Foreign                                      18,561        1,434      19,995
   Charge in lieu of taxes
     from employee stock plans                   7,931            -       7,931
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               $42,604      $(6,878)    $35,726
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The  components  of the net  deferred  tax assets as of March 31,  2000 and 1999
consist of:

================================================================================
(in thousands)                                                2000       1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
   Accruals, reserves and other expenses                    $70,131     $76,015
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total gross deferred tax assets                       70,131      76,015
       Less:  valuation allowance                                 -           -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Net deferred tax assets                              $70,131     $76,015
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Deferred tax liabilities:
   Undistributed earnings of DISC                            (1,487)     (1,784)
   Prepaid royalty expenses                                 (38,562)    (43,681)
   Fixed assets                                              (3,249)          -
   Unrealized gains on marketable
   securities                                                   (68)     (1,395)
   Other                                                          -        (949)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total gross deferred tax                            $(43,366)   $(47,809)
       liabilities
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Net deferred tax asset                               $26,765     $28,206
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


At March 31, 2000,  deferred tax assets of  $26,963,000  were  included in other
current assets.

The  differences  between  the  statutory  income  tax  rate  and the  Company's
effective tax rate,  expressed as a percentage  of income  before  provision for
income taxes, for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 were as follows:

================================================================================
                                                       2000      1999      1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Statutory Federal tax rate                             35.0%   35.0%       35.0%
State taxes, net of Federal benefit                     1.5     1.5         1.0
Differences between statutory rate
   and foreign effective tax rate                     (2.8)    (2.5)       (2.2)
Research and development credits                      (1.7)    (2.1)       (0.6)
Nondeductible acquisition costs                           -     7.4           -
Other                                                 (1.0)    (1.0)       (0.2)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      31.0%    38.3%       33.0%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  Company  provides  for  U.S.  taxes  on an  insignificant  portion  of  the
undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries and does not provide taxes on
the  remainder.  We have not  provided for Federal  income tax on  approximately
$165,000,000 of  undistributed  earnings of our foreign  subsidiaries,  since we
intend to reinvest this amount in foreign subsidiary operations indefinitely.

The Company's U.S.  income tax returns for the years 1992 through 1995 have been
examined by the Internal  Revenue Service (IRS). In 1998, the Company received a
notice of  deficiencies  from the IRS. These  deficiencies  relate  primarily to
operations in Puerto Rico,  which the Company is  contesting  in Tax Court.  The
Company  believes that any additional  liabilities,  if any, that arise from the
outcome of this examination  will not be material to the Company's  consolidated
financial statements.


                                       62

<PAGE>

(15) INTEREST AND OTHER INCOME, NET

Interest and other income, net for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
consisted of:

================================================================================
(in thousands)                                    2000       1999       1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interest income                                $13,744    $12,625    $13,649

Gain on disposition of assets,
   net                                           8,339        725     14,910
Foreign currency losses                         (1,781)    (1,168)      (517)
Equity in net gain (loss) of
   affiliates                                    1,138       (155)    (1,162)
Other income (expense), net                     (5,412)     1,153     (2,069)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               $16,028    $13,180    $24,811
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(16) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

In fiscal  1999,  the Company  adopted  SFAS No. 130,  "Reporting  Comprehensive
Income," which establishes  standards for reporting and display of comprehensive
income and its components  (revenues,  expenses,  gains and losses) in financial
statements.  SFAS 130 requires classification of other comprehensive income in a
financial  statement and display of other  comprehensive  income separately from
retained earnings and additional  paid-in capital.  Other  comprehensive  income
includes primarily foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains
(losses) on investments.

The change in the components of accumulated other  comprehensive  income, net of
taxes, is summarized as follows (in thousands):

================================================================================

                                           Foreign    Unrealized        Accumu-
                                          currency         gains    lated other
                                       translation   (losses) on     comprehen-
                                       adjustments   investments    sive income
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March
31, 1997                                  $(1,925)        $2,593           $668
Other
comprehensive loss                         (1,273)         (863)        (2,136)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March
31, 1998                                   (3,198)         1,730        (1,468)
Other
comprehensive
income (loss)                              (2,643)         1,544        (1,099)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March
31, 1999                                   (5,841)         3,274        (2,567)
Other
comprehensive loss                           (339)       (3,455)        (3,794)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March
31, 2000                                  $(6,180)        $(181)       $(6,361)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Change in unrealized  gains (losses) on investments,  net are shown net of taxes
of  $(1,553,000),  $727,000  and  $(426,000)  in  fiscal  2000,  1999 and  1998,
respectively.

The currency  translation  adjustments are not adjusted for income taxes as they
relate to indefinite investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries.

(17) DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following  methods and  assumptions  were used to estimate the fair value of
each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that
value:

Cash, cash equivalents,  short-term investments,  receivables,  accounts payable
and accrued liabilities - the carrying amount approximates fair value because of
the short maturity of these instruments.

Long-term investments, investments classified as held-to-maturity and marketable
securities - fair value is based on quoted market prices.


                                       63

<PAGE>

(18) SEGMENT INFORMATION

In 1999,  the Company  adopted SFAS No. 131,  "Disclosures  about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related  Information",  which supersedes SFAS No. 14,  "Financial
Reporting  for  Segments  of a Business  Enterprise".  SFAS No. 131  establishes
standards for the reporting by public business  enterprises of information about
product lines, geographic areas and major customers.  The method for determining
what  information  to report is based on the way that  management  organizes the
operating  segments  within the Company  for making  operational  decisions  and
assessments of financial  performance.  The Company's chief  operating  decision
maker is considered to be the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). The CEO
reviews financial  information  presented on a consolidated basis accompanied by
disaggregated  information  about  revenues by geographic  region and by product
lines for  purposes  of  making  operating  decisions  and  assessing  financial
performance.

As a result of the approval of the Tracking Stock proposal to authorize issuance
of a new series of common stock designated as Class B common stock,  intended to
reflect  the  performance  of  EA.com,  management  considers  EA.com a separate
reportable segment.  Accordingly,  prior period information has been restated to
disclose  separate  segments.  The Company  operates in two  principal  business
segments globally:

     o   Electronic Arts core ("EA Core") business segment: creation,  marketing
         and distribution of entertainment software.

     o   EA.com  business  segment:  creation,  marketing  and  distribution  of
         entertainment software which can be played or sold online.

Please see the discussion regarding segment reporting in the MD&A.


                                       64

<PAGE>

<TABLE>

Information  about Electronic Arts business  segments is presented below for the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2000, 1999, 1998 (in thousands):

<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended March 31, 2000
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            EA Core                  Adjustments and
                                                      (excl. EA.com)       EA.com       Eliminations      Electronic Arts
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>              <C>                 <C>              <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                 $1,399,093       $ 20,918            $    -           $1,420,011
Group sales                                                   2,014              -           (2,014) (a)                -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                 1,401,107         20,918           (2,014)            1,420,011
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers              700,024          5,784                 -              705,808
Group cost of goods sold                                          -          2,014           (2,014)                    -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                             700,024          7,798           (2,014)              705,808
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                701,083         13,120                 -              714,203
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                     185,714          2,914                 -              188,628
    General and administrative                               87,513          4,989                 -               92,502
    Research and development                                205,933         34,775           20,051 (b)           260,759
    Network development and support                               -         20,051          (20,051)                    -
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                 2,670          3,869                 -                6,539
    Amortization of intangibles                              10,866          1,123                 -               11,989
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                    492,696         67,721                 -              560,417
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                     208,387        (54,601)                -              153,786
Interest and other income, net                               16,017             11                 -               16,028
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income (loss) before provision for income
       taxes and minority interest                          224,404        (54,590)                -              169,814
Provision for income taxes                                   52,642              -                 -               52,642
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                      171,762        (54,590)                -              117,172
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                (421)             -                 -                 (421)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                           171,341        (54,590)                -              116,751
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest income                                              13,733             11                 -               13,744
Depreciation and amortization                                39,818          6,907                 -               46,725
Identifiable assets                                       1,085,411        106,901                 -            1,192,312
Capital expenditures                                         97,279         37,605                 -              134,884

</TABLE>

                                                                  65

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Year Ended March 31, 1999
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            EA Core       EA.com     Adjustments and      Electronic Arts
                                                      (excl. EA.com)                    Eliminations
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>              <C>                  <C>             <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                 $1,204,689       $17,174              $   -           $1,221,863
Group sales                                                     985             -              (985)(a)                 -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                 1,205,674        17,174              (985)            1,221,863
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers              624,252         3,571                 -              627,823
Group cost of goods sold                                          -           985              (985)                    -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                             624,252         4,556              (985)              627,823
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                581,422        12,618                 -               594,040
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                     161,029         2,378                 -               163,407
    General and administrative                               74,995         1,224                 -                76,219
    Research and development                                181,245         8,050             9,846 (b)           199,141
    Network development and support                               -         9,846            (9,846)                    -
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                44,115             -                 -                44,115
    Amortization of intangibles                               5,880             -                 -                 5,880
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                    467,264        21,498                 -               488,762
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                     114,158        (8,880)                -               105,278
Interest and other income, net                               13,180             -                 -                13,180
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income (loss) before provision for income
       taxes and minority interest                          127,338        (8,880)                -               118,458
Provision for income taxes                                   45,414             -                 -                45,414
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                       81,924        (8,880)                -                73,044
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                (172)            -                 -                  (172)
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                            81,752        (8,880)                -                72,872
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interest income                                              12,625             -                 -                12,625
Depreciation and amortization                                40,271           190                 -                40,461
Identifiable assets                                         898,905         2,968                 -               901,873
Capital expenditures                                        113,939         1,881                 -               115,820

</TABLE>

                                                                 66

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Year Ended March 31, 1998
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             EA Core       EA.com    Adjustments and      Electronic Arts
                                                      (excl. EA.com)                    Eliminations
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>                 <C>                <C>
Net revenues from unaffiliated customers                   $897,877       $10,975             $    -             $908,852
Group sales                                                     538             -               (538)(a)                -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total net revenues                                   898,415        10,975               (538)             908,852
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of goods sold from unaffiliated customers              478,967         2,266                  -              481,233
Group cost of goods sold                                          -           538               (538)                   -
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total cost of goods sold                             478,967         2,804               (538)             481,233
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                419,448         8,171                  -              427,619
Operating expenses:
    Marketing and sales                                     125,711         2,597                  -              128,308
    General and administrative                               57,650           188                  -               57,838
    Research and development                                137,360         5,352              3,020 (b)          145,732
    Network development and support                               -         3,020             (3,020)                   -
    Charge for acquired in-process technology                 1,500             -                  -                1,500
    Merger costs                                             10,792             -                  -               10,792
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                    333,013        11,157                  -              344,170
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating income (loss)                                      86,435        (2,986)                 -               83,449
Interest and other income, net                               24,811             -                  -               24,811
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before provision for income
      taxes and minority interest                           111,246        (2,986)                 -              108,260
Provision for income taxes                                   35,726             -                  -               35,726
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before minority interest                       75,520        (2,986)                 -               72,534
Minority interest in consolidated joint venture                  28             -                  -                   28
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                            75,548       (2,986)                  -               72,562
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest income                                              13,649            -                   -               13,649
Depreciation and amortization                                26,805          102                   -               26,907
Identifiable assets                                         745,000          681                   -              745,681
Capital expenditures                                         44,715          523                   -               45,238
<FN>

(a)  Represents  elimination of  intercompany  sales of Electronic Arts packaged
     goods products to EA.com;  and represents  elimination of royalties paid to
     Electronic Arts by EA.com for intellectual property rights.

(b)  Represents  reclassification of Network Development and Support to Research
     and Development.
</FN>
</TABLE>
                                       67

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
Information  about  Electronic Arts' operations in the North America and foreign
areas for the fiscal  years ended  March 31,  2000,  1999 and 1998 is  presented
below:

<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Asia
(in thousands)                                                                Pacific
                                                   North                   (excluding
                                                 America         Europe        Japan)        Japan    Eliminations          Total
                                          --------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------- --------------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Fiscal 2000:
Net revenues from unaffiliated
   customers                                    $846,637       $492,430       $47,573      $33,371       $      -     $ 1,420,011
Intercompany revenues                             28,701         28,385         9,059            -        (66,145)              -
                                          --------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------- --------------
    Total net revenues                           875,338        520,815        56,632       33,371        (66,145)      1,420,011
                                          =============== ============== ============= ============ =============== ==============
Operating income                                 101,919         48,712         3,623        1,921         (2,389)        153,786
Interest income                                   11,775          1,755           214            -              -          13,744
Depreciation and amortization                     35,114          9,968           473        1,170              -          46,725
Capital expenditures                              78,298         54,379         1,447          760              -         134,884
Identifiable assets                              734,626        418,034        18,019       21,633              -       1,192,312
Long-lived assets                                244,845        154,475         3,306        3,975              -         406,601
Fiscal 1999:
Net revenues from unaffiliated
   customers                                    $704,998       $443,937       $39,560      $33,368       $      -      $1,221,863
Intercompany revenues                             32,216         15,062         2,800           12        (50,090)              -
                                          --------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------- --------------
    Total net revenues                           737,214        458,999        42,360       33,380        (50,090)      1,221,863
                                          =============== ============== ============= ============ =============== ==============
Operating income                                  78,826         21,052         3,208        2,192              -         105,278
Interest income                                    9,931          2,551           143            -              -          12,625
Depreciation and amortization                     29,272          9,399           506        1,284              -          40,461
Capital expenditures                              54,029         58,383           418        2,990              -         115,820
Identifiable assets                              596,357        268,152        20,938       16,426              -         901,873
Long-lived assets                                174,582         91,546         2,051        2,992              -         271,171
Fiscal 1998:
Net revenues from unaffiliated
   customers                                    $519,423       $325,938       $41,494      $21,997       $      -      $  908,852
Intercompany revenues                             45,913         21,613           513          133        (68,172)              -
                                          --------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------- --------------
    Total net revenues                           565,336        347,551        42,007       22,130        (68,172)        908,852
                                          =============== ============== ============= ============ =============== ==============
Operating income (loss)                           31,852         51,807         6,995       (7,205)             -          83,449
Interest income                                   10,931          2,471           247            -              -          13,649
Depreciation and amortization                     20,826          4,541           661          879              -          26,907
Capital expenditures                              25,423         18,035           669        1,111              -          45,238
Identifiable assets                              515,728        201,988        17,347       10,618              -         745,681
Long-lived assets                                143,398         36,300         1,959        4,805              -         186,462
</TABLE>

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000 and March 31, 1999, Electronic Arts had
sales to one customer which represented 12% of total net revenues in both years.
The  Company  had no sales to any one  customer  in  excess  of 10% of total net
revenues for fiscal years ended March 31, 1998.

                                       68
<PAGE>




Information  about  Electronic Arts' net revenues by product line for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 is presented below (in thousands):

================================================================================
                                        2000              1999            1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PlayStation                         $586,821          $519,830        $380,299
PC                                   397,777           270,793         231,034
Affiliated label                     275,333           248,105         185,865
N64                                  120,415           152,349          56,677
License, OEM and Other                39,665            30,786          54,977
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  $1,420,011        $1,221,863        $908,852
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                       69

<PAGE>



QUARTERLY FINANCIAL AND MARKET INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
<TABLE>

(In thousands, except per share data)
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Quarter Ended
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------         Year
                                               June 30         Sept. 30       Dec. 31       March 31           Ended
                                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>              <C>
Fiscal 2000:
Net revenues                                  $186,120         $ 338,887      $600,691       $294,313         $1,420,011
Operating income (loss)                           (849)           23,697       129,536          1,402            153,786
Net income                                       2,326 (a)        18,132 (a)    92,861 (a)      3,432 (b)        116,751
Net income per share - basic                  $   0.04 (a)     $    0.29 (a)  $   1.47 (a)   $   0.05 (b)     $     1.86
Net income per share - diluted                $   0.04 (a)     $    0.28 (a)  $   1.38 (a)   $   0.05 (b)     $     1.76
Common stock price per share
     High                                     $  54.81         $   76.19      $ 120.94       $ 102.19         $   120.94
     Low                                      $  45.63         $   52.88      $  66.44       $  69.00         $    45.63
Fiscal 1999:
Net revenues                                  $178,221         $ 245,763      $520,155       $277,724         $1,221,863
Operating income (loss)                          3,050           (29,545)      102,439         29,334            105,278
Net income (loss)                                3,700 (c)       (25,273)(d)    72,531 (e)     21,914 (e)         72,872
Net income (loss) per share - basic           $   0.06 (c)     $   (0.42)(d)  $   1.19 (e)   $   0.36 (e)     $     1.20
Net income (loss) per share - diluted         $   0.06 (c)     $   (0.42)(d)  $   1.15 (e)   $   0.35 (e)     $     1.15
Common stock price per share
     High                                     $  54.81         $   55.56      $  56.00       $  52.19         $    56.00
     Low                                      $  41.63         $   38.13      $  33.88       $  38.25         $    33.88
Fiscal 1998:
Net revenues                                  $123,712         $ 189,828      $391,245       $204,067         $  908,852
Operating income (loss)                         (4,807)           (3,080)       70,983         20,353             83,449
Net income (loss)                               (1,451)               41 (f)    58,620 (g)     15,352             72,562
Net income (loss) per share - basic           $  (0.02)        $       - (f)  $   0.99 (g)   $   0.26         $     1.23
Net income (loss) per share - diluted         $  (0.02)        $       - (f)  $   0.96 (g)   $   0.25         $     1.19
Common stock price per share
     High                                     $  35.38         $   37.50      $  39.56       $  46.94         $    46.94
     Low                                      $  20.13         $   30.75      $  29.94       $  34.94         $    20.13
<FN>

(a) Net income and net income per share include  goodwill  amortization  of $1.8
million, net of taxes.

(b) Net income and net income per share  include  one-time  acquisition  related
charges  of  $4.5  million,  net of  taxes,  incurred  in  connection  with  the
acquisition of Kesmai and other business combinations made during the quarter as
well as goodwill amortization of $2.9 million, net of taxes.

(c) Net income and net income per share  include  one-time  acquisition  related
charges  of  $1.6  million,  net of  taxes,  incurred  in  connection  with  the
acquisition of two software development companies made during the quarter.

(d) Net income and net income per share  include  one-time  acquisition  related
charges  of  $35.9  million,  net of  taxes,  incurred  in  connection  with the
acquisition  of  Westwood  Studios  as well  as  goodwill  amortization  of $0.6
million, net of taxes.

(e) Net income and net income per share include  goodwill  amortization  of $1.7
million, net of taxes.

(f) Net income and net income per share include  one-time merger related charges
of $7.2 million, net of taxes,  incurred in connection with the merger of Maxis,
Inc.

(g) Net income and net income per share  include  one-time  acquisition  related
charges of $1.0 million, net of taxes, incurred in connection with the remaining
minority ownership  interest in Electronic Arts Victor,  Inc. Net income and net
income per share include a one-time gain on sale of Creative Wonders. LLC in the
amount of $8.5 million, net of taxes.
</FN>
</TABLE>


The Company's  common stock is traded in the  over-the-counter  market under the
Nasdaq Stock Market symbol ERTS.  The closing prices for the common stock in the
table above  represent the high and low closing prices as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market.

                                       70

<PAGE>


ITEM  9:  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
   FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.



                                       71

<PAGE>


                                    PART III


ITEM 10: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information  regarding directors who are nominated for re-election  required
by Item  10 is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to the  information  in our
definitive  Proxy  Statement for the 2000 Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  (the
"Proxy   Statement")  under  the  caption  "Proposal  No.  1  -  Re-Election  of
Directors." The information  regarding executive officers required by Item 10 is
included in Item 4A hereof.


ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information  required by Item 11 is incorporated  herein by reference to the
information in the Proxy Statement under the caption  "Compensation of Executive
Officers" specifically excluding the "Compensation Committee Report on Executive
Compensation".


ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information  required by Item 12 is incorporated  herein by reference to the
information in the Proxy  Statement under the caption  "Principal  Stockholders"
and "Amount and Nature of Shares Beneficially Owned."


ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information  required by Item 13 is incorporated  herein by reference to the
information in the Proxy Statement under the caption "Certain Transactions."

                                       72

<PAGE>


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)      Documents filed as part of this report:

      1.  Index to Financial Statements.                  Page(s) in Form 10-K

      Independent Auditors' Report                                 44
      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2000
          and 1999                                                 45
      Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
          March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998                            46
      Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
          Years Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998                47
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
          March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998                            49
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years
          Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998                      50-70

      2.  Financial Statement Schedule.

      The following  financial  statement  schedule of  Electronic  Arts for the
      years ended March 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998 is filed as part of this report
      and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  Consolidated  Financial
      Statements of Electronic Arts.

                 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

      Other  financial  statement  schedules are omitted because the information
      called  for  is not  required  or is  shown  either  in  the  Consolidated
      Financial Statements or the notes thereto.

      3.   Exhibits.

      The following  exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference
      into, this report:

      Number                         Exhibit Title
      ------                         -------------
      3.01     Registrant's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to December
               1, 1992. (1)
      3.02     Registrant's   Certificate   of  Amendment  of   Certificate   of
               Incorporation. (2)
      3.03     Registrant's By-Laws, as amended to date. (3)
      3.04     Amended and Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation of Electronic
               Arts Inc.
      4.01     Specimen Certificate of Registrant's Common Stock. (4)
      10.01    Registrant's  1982 Stock  Option  Plan,  as amended to date,  and
               related documents. (5) (6)
      10.02    Registrant's  Directors Stock Option Plan and related  documents.
               (6) (7)
      10.03    Description of Registrant's FY 2001 Executive Bonus Plan. (6)
      10.04    Directors and Officers and Company Reimbursement Indemnity Policy
               by and between  Registrant and certain  underwriters  at Lloyd's,
               London and Continental  Insurance  Company,  dated June 20, 1992.
               (8)
      10.05    Lease by and  between  Registrant,  Electronic  Arts  Limited and
               Allied  Dunbar  Assurance  PLC,  dated  June  24,  1987,  for the
               Registrant's U.K. facilities. (9)

                                       73

<PAGE>


      Number                         Exhibit Title
      ------                         -------------
      10.06    Lease by and between Registrant and H.G.C. Associates, dated June
               24,  1992,   for  the   Registrant's   warehouse  and  production
               facilities. (10)
      10.07    Lease Agreement by and between Registrant and 1450 Fashion Island
               Boulevard Associates, L.P., dated March 22, 1991. (11)
      10.08    Registrants'  1991 Stock  Option  Plan and related  documents  as
               amended. (6) (12)
      10.09    Form of Indemnity Agreement with Directors. (13)
      10.10    Registrants'  Employee Stock Purchase Plan and related  documents
               as amended. (6) (14)
      10.11    Lease  Agreement  by and between  Registrant  and The Canada Life
               Assurance Company,  dated December 20, 1991, for the Registrant's
               Canadian facilities. (15)
      10.13    Amendment to Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and 1450
               Fashion Island Boulevard Associates,  L.P., dated March 22, 1991.
               (17)
      10.14    Agreement between  Registrant and Sega  Enterprises,  Ltd., dated
               July 14, 1992. (18) (19)
      10.15    Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and Century Centre II
               Associates, dated July 27, 1992. (19)
      10.16    Amendment to Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and 1450
               Fashion Island Boulevard Associates, L.P., dated October 1, 1992.
               (19)
      10.17    Amendment  to  Lease  Agreement  by and  between  Registrant  and
               Century Centre II Associates, dated February 2, 1993. (19)
      10.18    Amendment  to  Lease  Agreement  by and  between  Registrant  and
               Century Centre II Associates, dated February 22, 1993. (19)
      10.19    Directors and Officers and Company Reimbursement Indemnity Policy
               by and between  Registrant and certain  underwriters  at Lloyd's,
               London and Continental  Insurance  Company,  dated June 20, 1993.
               (19)
      10.20    Lease by and between Registrant and 1450 Fashion Island Boulevard
               Associates,  L.P.,  dated August 27, 1992 for additional space at
               corporate headquarters. (10)
      10.22    Lease by and  between  Registrant,  Electronic  Arts  Limited and
               Heron Slough Limited,  dated June 12, 1992, for the  Registrant's
               U.K. facilities. (20)
      10.23    Lease  by and  between  Registrant  and the  Travelers  Insurance
               Company,  dated April 14, 1993, for the  Registrant's  production
               facilities. (21)
      10.24    Amendment to Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and 1450
               Fashion Island  Boulevard  Associates,  L.P., dated June 1, 1993.
               (22)
      10.25    Amendment to Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant  and the
               Travelers Insurance Company, dated November 30, 1993. (23)
      10.26    Amendment to Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant  and the
               Travelers Insurance Company, dated November 30, 1993. (23)
      10.27    Lease Agreement by and between  Registrant and Arthur J. Rogers &
               Co., dated January 14, 1994. (24)
      10.28    Lease  Agreement  by and between  Registrant  and the  Prudential
               Insurance Company of America, dated January 10, 1994. (24)
      10.29    Agreement for Lease between Flatirons Funding,  LP and Electronic
               Arts Redwood, Inc. dated February 14, 1995. (25)
      10.30    Guarantee  from  Electronic  Arts Inc. to Flatirons  Funding,  LP
               dated February 14, 1995. (25)

                                       74

<PAGE>


      Number                         Exhibit Title
      ------                         -------------
      10.31    Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and Dixie Warehouse &
               Cartage Co., dated April 10, 1995. (25)
      10.32    Commercial Earnest Money Contract between Novell, Inc. and ORIGIN
               Systems, Inc. dated April 13, 1995. (26)
      10.33    First  Amendment to  Commercial  Earnest Money  Contract  between
               Novell, Inc. and ORIGIN Systems, Inc. dated June 1, 1995. (27)
      10.34    Amendment  No.  1  to  Agreement  between   Registrant  and  Sega
               Enterprises, Inc. effective December 31, 1995. (28)
      10.35    Lease Agreement by and between  Registrant and Don Mattrick dated
               October 16, 1996. (29)
      10.36    Amended  and  Restated  Guaranty  from  Electronic  Arts Inc.  to
               Flatirons Funding, LP dated March 7, 1997. (30)
      10.37    Amended  and  Restated  Agreement  for  Lease  between  Flatirons
               Funding, LP and Electronic Arts Redwood Inc. dated March 7, 1997.
               (30)
      10.38    Amendment  No.  1 to  Lease  Agreement  between  Electronic  Arts
               Redwood Inc. and Flatirons Funding, LP dated March 7, 1997. (30)
      10.39    Employment  Agreement  by and  between  the  Registrant  and John
               Riccitiello dated August 29, 1997. (31)
      10.40    Lease  Agreement by and between  Registrant and John  Riccitiello
               dated August 29, 1997. (31)
      10.41    Employment  Agreement by and between Registrant and James "Rusty"
               Russell Rueff, Jr. dated September 9, 1998. (32)
      10.42    Lease Agreement by and between Registrant and Louisville Commerce
               Realty Corporation, dated April 1, 1999. (32)
      10.43    Option  agreement,  agreement  of purchase  and sale,  and escrow
               instructions  for Zones 2 and 4,  Electronic  Arts Business Park,
               Redwood Shores California, dated April 5, 1999. (32)
      10.44    Lease Agreement by and between Registrant and Spieker Properties,
               L.P., dated September 3, 1999. (33)
      21.01    Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
      23.01    Report on Financial  Statement  Schedule and Consent of KPMG LLP,
               Independent Auditors.
      23.02    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors (32)
      27       Financial Data Schedule
      99.01    Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors (32)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     (1)    Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to  Registrant's  Current
            Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 1991.

     (2)    Incorporated   by  reference   to  Exhibit   4.01  to   Registrant's
            Registration  Statement  on Form S-8 filed on December 1, 1992 (File
            No. 33-55212) (the "1992 Form S-8").

     (3)    Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 3.02 to  Registrant's  Current
            Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 1991.

                                       75

<PAGE>


     (4)    Incorporated   by  reference   to  Exhibit   4.01  to   Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-4 filed on March 3, 1994 (File No.
            33-75892).

     (5)    Incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.03  to   Post-Effective
            Amendment No. 2 to Registrant's  Registration  Statement on Form S-8
            filed on November 6, 1991 (File No.  33-32616)  ("S-8  Amendment No.
            2").

     (6)    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

     (7)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.04 to S-8 Amendment No. 2.

     (8)    Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.08 to  Registrant's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended  March 31,  1992 (the  "1992
            Form 10-K").

     (9)    Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.07 to the  Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 20, 1989, and
            all amendments thereto (File No. 33-30346) (the "Form S-1").

     (10)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
            September 30, 1992.

     (11)   Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to  Registrant's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1991.

     (12)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.01  to the  Registrant's
            Registration  Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 29, 1993 (File No.
            33-66836) (the "1993 Form S-8").

     (13)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.09 to the Form S-1.

     (14)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to 1993 Form S-8.

     (15)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the 1992 Form 10-K.

     (16)   Not Used.

     (17)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the 1992 Form 10-K.

     (18)   Confidential  treatment  has been  granted  with  respect to certain
            portions of this document.

     (19)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrants  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1993.

     (20)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.01 of Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1992.

     (21)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1993.

                                       76

<PAGE>


     (22)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.

     (23)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
            December 31, 1993.

     (24)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1994 (the "1994 Form 10-K").

     (25)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1995 (the "1995 Form 10-K").

     (26)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995.

     (27)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995.

     (28)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1996 (the "1996 Form 10-K").

     (29)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Registrant's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1996.

     (30)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1997 (the "1997 Form 10-K").

     (31)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
            December 31, 1997.

     (32)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31,
            1999 (the "1999 Form 10-K").

     (33)   Incorporated  by  reference  to  similarly   numbered   exhibits  to
            Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
            September 30, 1999.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K:

         No reports on Form 8-K were filed  during the  quarter  ended March 31,
         2000.

(c)      Exhibits:

         The  Registrant  hereby  files as part of this Form  10-K the  exhibits
         listed in Item 14(a)3, as set forth above.

(d)      Financial Statement Schedule:

         The  Registrant  hereby  files as part of this Form 10-K the  financial
         statement schedule listed in Item 14(a)2, as set forth on page 79.

                                       77

<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Section  13 or  15(d)  of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                           ELECTRONIC ARTS

                                           By: /s/ Lawrence F. Probst III
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               (Lawrence F. Probst III, Chairman
                                               of the Board and Chief Executive
                                               Officer)

                                           Date:    June 28, 2000

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed  below by the  following  persons,  on behalf of the
Registrant in the capacities indicated and on the 28th of June 2000.

         Name                                              Title
         ----                                              -----

   /s/ Lawrence F. Probst III                   Chairman of the Board
- ---------------------------------------        and Chief Executive Officer
   (Lawrence F. Probst III)

   /s/ E. Stanton McKee, Jr.                Executive Vice President and Chief
- ---------------------------------------    Financial and Administrative Officer
   (E. Stanton McKee, Jr.)

   /s/ David L. Carbone                          Vice President, Finance
- ---------------------------------------       (Principal Accounting Officer)
   (David L. Carbone)

Directors:

   /s/ M. Richard Asher                                  Director
- ---------------------------------------
   (M. Richard Asher)

   /s/ William J. Byron                                  Director
- ---------------------------------------
   (William J. Byron)

   /s/ Daniel H. Case III                                Director
- ---------------------------------------
   (Daniel H. Case III)

   /s/ Gary M. Kusin                                     Director
- ---------------------------------------
   (Gary M. Kusin)

   /s/ Timothy J. Mott                                   Director
- ---------------------------------------
   (Timothy J. Mott)

                                       78

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
                                                ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                             SCHEDULE II

                                                  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                              Years Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998
                                                           (in thousands)


<CAPTION>
                                                      Balance at       Charged to       Charged to                         Balance
                                                      Beginning        Costs and          Other                            at End
Description                                           of Period         Expenses        Accounts (1)      Deductions      of Period
- -----------                                           ---------         --------        ------------      ----------      ---------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
Year Ended March 31, 2000
   Allowance for doubtful
   accounts and returns                                $ 72,850         $179,952         $     39          $187,774         $ 65,067
                                                       ========         ========         ========          ========         ========


Year Ended March 31, 1999
   Allowance for doubtful
   accounts and returns                                $ 51,575         $161,297         $   (369)         $139,653         $ 72,850
                                                       ========         ========         ========          ========         ========


Year Ended March 31, 1998
   Allowance for doubtful
   accounts and returns                                $ 43,268         $ 82,706         $ (3,243)         $ 71,156         $ 51,575
                                                       ========         ========         ========          ========         ========


<FN>
(1)  Primarily  the  translation  effect of using the average  exchange rate for
     expense items and the  year-ended  exchange rate for the balance sheet item
     (allowance account).
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                                 79

<PAGE>


                              ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.
                          2000 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


EXHIBIT
NUMBER                      EXHIBIT TITLE
- ------                      -------------
 3.04       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Electronic Arts
            Inc.
10.03       Description of Registrant's FY 2001 Executive Bonus Plan
21.01       Subsidiaries of the Registrant
23.01       Report on  Financial  Statement  Schedule  and  Consent of KPMG LLP,
            Independent Auditors
27          Financial Data Schedule

                                       80

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.04
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>



                AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                              ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.


      Electronic Arts Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that:

     1. The name of the  corporation is Electronic  Arts Inc. The date of filing
its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State was May 8,
1991.

     2.  This  Amended  and  Restated   Certificate  of   Incorporation  of  the
corporation attached hereto as Exhibit "A", which is incorporated herein by this
reference,  and which restates,  integrates and further amends the provisions of
the Certificate of Incorporation  of this  corporation as heretofore  amended or
supplemented,  has been duly adopted by the corporation's Board of Directors and
a majority of the  stockholders  in accordance  with Sections 242 and 245 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  said corporation has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its duly authorized officer and the
foregoing facts stated herein are true and correct.

Dated:  March 22, 2000                    ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.

                                          By:            s/s           .
                                             ---------------------------

                                          Name: Ruth A. Kennedy

                                          Title: Senior Vice President



<PAGE>




                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                              ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.


                                    ARTICLE I

      The name of the corporation is Electronic Arts Inc. (the "Company").

                                   ARTICLE II

     The  address  of the  registered  office  of the  Company  in the  State of
Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle.
The name of its registered agent at that address is The Company Trust Company.


                                   ARTICLE III

     The purpose of the  Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity  for
which  corporations  may be  organized  under  the  General  Corporation  Law of
Delaware.

                                   ARTICLE IV

     The total  number of shares of stock of all  classes  which the  Company is
authorized to issue is 510,000,000  shares,  consisting of 400,000,000 shares of
Class A Common  Stock,  par  value  $0.01 per  share  ("Class A Common  Stock"),
100,000,000  shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class B
Common Stock"),  and 10,000,000  shares of Preferred  Stock, par value $0.01 per
share.  Effective  upon the filing of this Amended and Restated  Certificate  of
Incorporation,  each share of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior thereto
shall thereupon  automatically  be  re-classified as one share of Class A Common
Stock (and outstanding  certificates that had theretofore  represented shares of
Common Stock shall thereupon represent an equivalent number of shares of Class A
Common Stock despite the absence of any indication thereon to that effect).

     The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed
by the law of the State of  Delaware,  to provide for the  issuance of Preferred
Stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
to be included in each such series, to fix the designation,  powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations
or  restrictions  thereof,  and to increase  or decrease  the shares of any such
series (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding).

                                    ARTICLE V

     The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to and imposed
on the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock are as follows:

<PAGE>

     1. Definitions.  For purposes of this Article V, the following  definitions
apply:

     1.1"All or Substantially All of the Assets" of either Group means a portion
of such assets that  represents at least 80% of the  then-current  Fair Value of
the assets of such Group.

     1.2 "Available  Dividend  Amount" shall mean for EA or EA.com,  as the case
may be, on any day on which dividends are paid on shares of Class A Common Stock
or Class B Common Stock, respectively,  the amount that would, immediately prior
to the  payment of such  dividends,  be  legally  available  for the  payment of
dividends on shares of EA's or EA.com's  common stock under  Delaware law if (a)
EA and EA.com  were each a single,  separate  Delaware  corporation,  (b) EA had
outstanding  (i) a number of shares of common stock,  par value $0.01 per share,
equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that are then  outstanding
and (ii) a number of shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, equal
to the number of shares of Preferred Stock that are then outstanding, (c) EA.com
had  outstanding  (i) a number of shares of common  stock,  par value  $0.01 per
share,  equal to the  number  of shares  of Class B Common  Stock  that are then
outstanding  plus the Number of Shares  Issuable  with Respect to EA's  Retained
Interest  in EA.com and (ii) no shares of  preferred  stock,  and (d) EA owned a
number of shares of such  common  stock of EA.com  equal to the Number of Shares
Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained Interest in EA.com.

     1.3 "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

     1.4 "Class A Common Stock" shall mean the Class A Common  Stock,  par value
$0.01 per share,  of the  Company.  For  purposes of this  Article V the Class A
Common Stock is deemed to relate to EA.

     1.5 "Class B Common Stock" shall mean the Class B Common  Stock,  par value
$0.01 per share,  of the  Company.  For  purposes of this  Article V the Class B
Common Stock is deemed to relate to EA.com.

     1.6  "Common  Stock"  shall  mean the Class A Common  Stock and the Class B
Common Stock of the Company.

     1.7 "Company" shall mean this corporation.

     1.8  "Disposition"  shall  mean  a  sale,  transfer,  assignment  or  other
disposition  (whether by merger,  consolidation,  sale or  otherwise)  of All or
Substantially  All of the Assets of a Group to one or more  persons or entities,
in one transaction or a series of related transactions.

     1.9 "EA" shall mean (a) all of the  businesses,  assets and  liabilities of
the  Company  and its  subsidiaries,  other  than  the  businesses,  assets  and
liabilities of EA.com, and (b) a proportionate  interest in EA.com (after giving
effect to any  options,  other  securities  or debt  issued or  incurred  by the
Company and  attributed  to EA.com)  equal to the  Retained  Interest  Fraction;
provided,  however,  that: (i) the Company may transfer assets from one Group to
another  Group in return for other  assets or  services  rendered  by that other
Group  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  or in  accordance  with  policies
established  by the Board from time to time,  and (ii) if the Company  transfers
cash, other assets or securities to holders of shares of Class B

<PAGE>

Common Stock as a dividend or other distribution on shares of the Class B Common
Stock (other than a dividend or distribution payable in shares of Class B Common
Stock),  or as payment in a redemption  required by Section 3 of this Article V,
then the Board shall  transfer  from EA.com to EA cash or other assets  having a
Fair  Value  equal to the  aggregate  Fair  Value of the cash,  other  assets or
securities  so  transferred  to  holders of the Class B Common  Stock  times the
Retained  Interest  Proportion  with respect to EA.com as of the record date for
such dividend or distribution,  or on the date of such  redemption,  as the case
may be.

     1.10 "EA.com" means all of the businesses, assets and liabilities of EA.com
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EA.com") and its subsidiaries,  including (a) any
businesses, assets or liabilities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
the Company  has,  as of the  Effective  Date,  transferred  to EA.com,  (b) any
businesses,  assets or liabilities acquired or incurred by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries  after the Effective Date that the Company  transfers to EA.com
or that the Company  otherwise  transfers to EA.com in accordance  with policies
established from time to time by the Board and (c) the rights and obligations of
EA.com  under any  inter-Group  debt  deemed to be owed to or by EA.com (as such
rights and obligations are defined in accordance with policies  established from
time to time by the Board);  provided,  however,  that the Company may  transfer
assets  from one Group to the other Group as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) in
Section 1.9 above.

     1.11  "Effective  Date"  shall  mean  the date on which  this  Amended  and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation becomes effective under Delaware law.

     1.12  "Exempt  Disposition"  shall  mean  any  of  the  following:   (a)  a
Disposition in connection with the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the
Company and the distribution of assets to stockholders, (b) a Disposition to any
person or entity  controlled  by the Company (as  determined by the Board in its
sole discretion),  (c) a dividend, out of EA.com's assets, to holders of Class B
Common Stock (and a transfer of a corresponding  amount of EA.com's assets to EA
as  required  pursuant to clause  (ii) of the  proviso to the  definition  of EA
above),  (d) a dividend,  out of EA's assets, to holders of Class A Common Stock
and (e) any other  Disposition,  if (i) at the time of the Disposition there are
no  shares  of  Class  A  Common  Stock  outstanding,  (ii)  at the  time of the
Disposition  there are no shares of Class B Common Stock  outstanding,  or (iii)
before the 30th Trading Day following the  Disposition  the Company has mailed a
notice  stating  that  it is  exercising  its  right  to  exchange  all  of  the
outstanding  shares of Class B Common Stock for newly  issued  shares of Class A
Common Stock as contemplated under Section 3.2 of this Article V.

     1.13 "Fair Value" shall mean (a) in the case of cash,  the amount  thereof,
(b) in the case of  capital  stock that is  Publicly  Traded,  the Market  Value
thereof and (c) in the case of other assets or securities, the fair market value
thereof as  determined in good faith by the Board in  consultation  with outside
valuation  or  appraisal  experts  selected  by the Board in good  faith  (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding on all stockholders).

     1.14 "Group" shall mean EA or EA.com.

     1.15 "Market  Value" of a share of any class or series of capital  stock on
any Trading Day means the average of the high and low reported sales prices of a
share of such class or series on such  Trading Day or, in case no such  reported
sale takes place on such Trading  Day,



<PAGE>

the  average of the  reported  closing  bid and asked  prices of a share of such
class or series on such  Trading Day, in either case as reported on the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE") Composite Tape or, if the shares of such class or series
are not listed or  admitted to trading on the NYSE on such  Trading  Day, on the
principal  national  securities  exchange  on which the  shares of such class or
series  are listed or  admitted  to trading  or, if not  listed or  admitted  to
trading on any national  securities  exchange on such Trading Day, on the Nasdaq
National  Market ("Nasdaq NM") or, if the shares of such class or series are not
listed or admitted to trading on any national  securities  exchange or quoted on
the Nasdaq NM on such  Trading  Day,  the  average of the  closing bid and asked
prices of a share of such class or series in the over-the-counter market on such
Trading Day as furnished by any NYSE member firm  selected  from time to time by
the Company or, if such closing bid and asked  prices are not made  available by
any such NYSE member firm on such Trading Day, the Fair Value of a share of such
class or series;  provided, that, for purposes of determining the average Market
Value of a share of any class or series of capital stock for any period, (a) the
"Market  Value" of a share of any class or  series of  capital  stock on any day
prior to any "ex-dividend" date or any similar date occurring during such period
for any  dividend  or  distribution  (other than any  dividend  or  distribution
contemplated by clause (b)(ii) of this sentence) paid or to be paid with respect
to such capital stock shall be reduced by the Fair Value of the per share amount
of such dividend or  distribution  and (b) the "Market  Value" of a share of any
class or series of capital stock on any day prior to (i) the  effective  date of
any  subdivision  (by stock split or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock
split or  otherwise)  of  outstanding  shares of such class or series of capital
stock occurring during such period or (ii) any "ex-dividend" date or any similar
date occurring during such period for any dividend or distribution  with respect
to such  capital  stock to be made in shares of such  class or series of capital
stock  or  convertible   securities  that  are   convertible,   exchangeable  or
exercisable  for such class or series of capital  stock  shall be  appropriately
adjusted, as determined by the Board, to reflect such subdivision,  combination,
dividend or distribution;  and provided further,  if (a) the Company repurchases
outstanding  shares of Class B Common  Stock (other than by virtue of a pro rata
distribution  on all  outstanding  shares of Class B Common Stock) and the Board
attributes that repurchase  (and the  consideration  therefor) to EA.com and (b)
the Company determines to transfer to EA cash or other assets of EA.com in order
to avoid a change in the Retained  Interest  Fraction,  the "Market  Value" of a
share of Class B Common Stock used to compute the corresponding reduction in the
Number of Shares Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained  Interest in EA.com will
equal the Fair Value of the consideration paid per share of Class B Common Stock
so repurchased;  and provided  further,  if the Company redeems a portion of the
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (and the Company transfers to EA cash
or other  assets of EA.com in the manner  required by clause (ii) of the proviso
to the  definition  of EA above),  the "Market  Value" of a share Class B Common
Stock  used to  compute  the  corresponding  reduction  in the  Number of Shares
Issuable  with Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest in EA.com will equal the Fair
Value of the consideration paid per share of Class B Common Stock so redeemed.

     1.16 "Net Proceeds" of a Disposition of a Group means the positive  amount,
if any,  remaining from the gross proceeds of such Disposition after any payment
of, or  reasonable  provision  (as  determined in good faith by the Board at the
time of the Disposition,  which  determination will be conclusive and binding on
all stockholders) for, (a) any taxes payable by the Company or any subsidiary in
respect  of such  Disposition  or which  would  have  been  payable  but for the
utilization  of tax  benefits  attributable  to the Group not the subject of the
Disposition,

<PAGE>

(b) any taxes  payable by the  Company in respect of any  resulting  dividend or
redemption, (c) any transaction costs, including, without limitation, any legal,
investment  banking and  accounting  fees and expenses  and (d) any  liabilities
(contingent  or  otherwise)  of,  attributed  to  or  related  to,  such  Group,
including,  without  limitation,  any  liabilities  for  deferred  taxes  or any
indemnity  or  guarantee  obligations  which  are  outstanding  or  incurred  in
connection  with the  Disposition  or  otherwise,  any  liabilities  for  future
purchase  price  adjustments  and any  obligations  with respect to  outstanding
securities  (other than Common Stock)  attributed to such Group as determined in
good faith by the Board.

     1.17 "Number of Shares  Issuable  with Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest"
shall mean,  with respect to EA.com,  initially the number the Board  designates
(prior to the time the Company  first issues shares of the Class B Common Stock)
as the  number  of shares of Class B Common  Stock  that  could be issued by the
Company for the account of EA in respect of its retained  interest in EA.com, as
authorized by Article IV; provided,  however, that such number as in effect from
time to time shall  automatically  be  adjusted as required by Section 6 of this
Article V.

     1.18 "Outstanding Interest Fraction" shall mean, (i) with respect to EA, at
any time of  determination,  1 and (ii) with  respect to EA.com,  at any time of
determination,  a fraction the  numerator of which shall be the number of shares
of the  series  of  Class  B  Common  Stock  outstanding  on such  date  and the
denominator  of which shall be the sum of the number of shares of Class B Common
Stock outstanding on such date and the Number of Shares Issuable with Respect to
EA's Retained Interest in EA.com.

     1.19  "Publicly  Traded" with respect to any security  means (a) registered
under  Section 12 of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended (or any
successor  provision  of law),  and (b) listed  for  trading on the NYSE (or any
other national  securities exchange registered under Section 7 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor  provision of law)) or listed
on the Nasdaq NM (or any successor market system).

     1.20  "Qualified  Public  Offering"  shall  mean  the  closing  of  a  firm
commitment  underwritten  public offering pursuant to an effective  registration
statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer
and sale of the Class B Common Stock.

     1.21 "Retained  Interest  Proportion" shall mean with respect to EA.com, at
any time of determination, a fraction the numerator of which shall be the Number
of Shares  Issuable  with  Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest in EA.com and the
denominator  of which shall be the number of shares of the Class B Common  Stock
outstanding on such date.


     1.22 "Retained Interest Fraction" shall mean with respect to EA.com, at any
time of determination,  a fraction the numerator of which shall be the Number of
Shares  Issuable  with  Respect  to EA's  Retained  Interest  in EA.com  and the
denominator  of which  shall be the sum of the  number  of shares of the Class B
Common Stock  outstanding  on such date and the Number of Shares  Issuable  with
Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest in EA.com.

     1.23 "Trading  Day" shall mean each weekday on which the relevant  security
(or, if there are two relevant securities,  each relevant security) is traded on
the principal national

<PAGE>

securities  exchange  on which it is listed or  admitted  to  trading  or on the
Nasdaq  NM or, if such  security  is not  listed or  admitted  to  trading  on a
national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq NM, traded in the principal
over-the-counter market in which it trades.

2.   Dividend Rights.

     2.1 Dividends  Payable at Discretion of Board.  Subject to any  preferences
and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of any outstanding
class or series of  preferred  stock of the  Company and any  qualifications  or
restrictions  on any class of Common Stock  created  thereby,  dividends  may be
declared and paid upon any class of Common Stock, upon the terms with respect to
each such  class,  and  subject to the  limitations  provided  for below in this
Section 2, as the Board may determine.

     2.2 Limitations. Dividends on any class of Common Stock may be declared and
paid only out of the lesser of (i) the funds of the  Company  legally  available
therefor  and  (ii) in the  case of the  Class A  Common  Stock,  the  Available
Dividend Amount for EA, and, in the case of Class B Common Stock,  the Available
Dividend Amount for EA.com.

     2.3 Discrimination in Dividends Between Classes of Common Stock. The Board,
subject  to the  provisions  of Section  2.1,  may at any time  declare  and pay
dividends  exclusively on a single class of Common Stock,  or on both classes of
Common Stock, in equal or unequal amounts,  notwithstanding the relative amounts
of the  Available  Dividend  Amount with respect to EA or EA.com,  the amount of
dividends previously declared on any class, the respective voting or liquidation
rights of any class or any other factor.

     2.4 Share  Distributions.  Except as  permitted by Section 3, the Board may
declare  and pay  dividends  or  distributions  of shares of any class of Common
Stock (or securities  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares
of any class of Common  Stock) on shares of a class of Common Stock or on shares
of a class or series of  preferred  stock of the Company  only as  follows:  (i)
dividends or  distributions  of shares of a class of Common Stock (or securities
convertible  into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of a class of Common
Stock)  on shares of the same  class of Common  Stock or on shares of  preferred
stock  convertible  into the same class of Common Stock;  and (ii)  dividends or
distributions of shares of Class B Common Stock (or securities  convertible into
or  exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Class B Common Stock) on shares of
Class A Common Stock or on shares of preferred  stock  convertible  into Class A
Common Stock,  but only if the sum of (1) the number of shares of Class B Common
Stock to be so issued (or the number of such shares which would be issuable upon
conversion,  exchange or exercise of any securities to be so issued) and (2) the
number of shares of Class B Common  Stock which are  issuable  upon  conversion,
exchange or exercise of any securities then  outstanding  that are held by EA is
less  than or equal to the  Number  of  Shares  Issuable  with  Respect  to EA's
Retained  Interest in EA.com at such time,  and provided  that in such event the
Number of Shares Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained Interest in EA.com shall
be  decreased  by the number of shares of Class B Common  Stock so  issued.  For
purposes of this Section 2.4, any  outstanding  securities  that are convertible
into  or  exchangeable  or  exercisable  for  any  other  securities  which  are
themselves  convertible  into or  exchangeable or exercisable for Class B Common
Stock (or other securities that are so convertible, exchangeable or exercisable)
shall be deemed to have been converted,  exchanged or exercised in full for such
securities.

<PAGE>

     3.  Mandatory  Dividend,  Redemption or Exchange on  Disposition  of All or
Substantially  All of the Assets;  Exchange of Class B Common  Stock for Class A
Common  Stock or for Stock of a Subsidiary  at the  Company's  Option;  Optional
Redemption of Class B Common Stock.

3.1  Mandatory Dividend, Redemption or Exchange.

     3.1.1 In the  event of a  Disposition  of All or  Substantially  All of the
Assets of EA.com (other than an Exempt  Disposition),  the Company shall,  on or
prior to the 85th  Trading  Day  after  the  consummation  of such  Disposition,
either:  (x) declare  and pay a dividend to holders of the Class B Common  Stock
(in  cash,  securities  (other  than  Common  Stock)  or  other  property,  or a
combination  thereof),  subject to the  limitations on dividends set forth under
Section 2 of this  Article  V, in an  amount  having a Fair  Value  equal to the
product of the Outstanding Interest Fraction with respect to such EA.com and the
Fair Value of the Net Proceeds of such  Disposition;  (y) redeem from holders of
the Class B Common  Stock,  for cash,  securities  (other than Common  Stock) or
other  property (or a combination  thereof) in an amount equal to the product of
the Outstanding  Interest  Fraction with respect to EA.com and the Fair Value of
the Net Proceeds of such Disposition, all of the outstanding shares of the Class
B Common  Stock  (or,  if EA.com  continues  after such  Disposition  to own any
material assets other than the proceeds of such Disposition,  a number of shares
of Class B Common Stock  (rounded,  if  necessary,  to the nearest whole number)
having an aggregate average Market Value,  during the 20 consecutive Trading Day
period  beginning on (and including) the 16th Trading Day immediately  following
the date on which the Disposition is consummated,  equal to such Fair Value); or
(z) issue, in exchange for all of the  outstanding  shares of the Class B Common
Stock, a number of shares of the Class A Common Stock (rounded, if necessary, to
the  nearest  whole  number)  having  an  aggregate  value  equal to 115% of the
aggregate  value of all of the  outstanding  shares of the Class B Common  Stock
(where in each case value is based on the average Market Value of a share of the
relevant  series of Common  Stock during the 20  consecutive  Trading Day period
beginning on (and including) the 16th Trading Day immediately following the date
on which the Disposition is consummated).

     3.1.2 At any time within one year after  completing any dividend or partial
redemption  pursuant to (x) or (y) of the  preceding  sentence,  the Company may
issue,  in exchange for all of the remaining  outstanding  shares of the Class B
Common  Stock,  a number  of shares of the  Class A Common  Stock  (rounded,  if
necessary,  to the nearest whole number) having an aggregate value equal to 115%
of the aggregate  value of all of the  outstanding  shares of the Class B Common
Stock (where in each case value is based on the average  Market Value of a share
of the relevant  series of Common Stock  during the 20  consecutive  Trading Day
period ending on (and including) the 5th Trading Day  immediately  preceding the
date on which  the  Company  mails the  notice of  exchange  to  holders  of the
relevant series).

     3.1.3 For purposes of this Section 3, if a Disposition  is consummated in a
series of related  transactions,  such  Disposition  shall not be deemed to have
been completed until consummation of the last of such transactions.

<PAGE>

     3.2 Exchange of Stock of a Subsidiary for Class B Common Stock at Company's
Option. At any time after a Qualified Public Offering at which all of the assets
and  liabilities of EA.com (and no other assets or liabilities of the Company or
any  subsidiary  thereof) are held  directly or indirectly by one or more wholly
owned  subsidiaries of the Company (the "EA.com  Subsidiaries"),  the Board may,
provided that there are funds of the Company legally available therefor, declare
that  all of the  outstanding  shares  of the  Class B  Common  Stock  shall  be
exchanged, as of the exchange date described below, for the number of fully paid
and nonassessable  shares of common stock of each of such EA.com Subsidiaries as
is equal to the product of the  Outstanding  Interest  Fraction  with respect to
EA.com  (determined  as of the exchange date) and the number of shares of common
stock  of  each  such  EA.com  Subsidiary  as will  be  outstanding  immediately
following such exchange. Such shares of common stock of such EA.com Subsidiaries
(i) may be delivered  directly or  indirectly  through the delivery of shares of
one or more of such EA.com  Subsidiaries  that own directly or indirectly all of
the other shares that are deliverable  pursuant to the preceding  sentence,  and
(ii) shall be listed for trading on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq
NM if the Class B Common Stock  exchanged  therefor is (at such time) so listed.
If the Number of Shares  Issuable  with  Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest  in
EA.com is greater than zero (so that less than all of the shares of common stock
of the EA.com  Subsidiaries are being delivered to the holders of Class B Common
Stock),  the  Company  may retain the  remaining  shares of common  stock of the
EA.com  Subsidiaries or distribute  those shares as a dividend on Class A Common
Stock.

     3.3  Exchange of Class A Common Stock for Class B Common Stock at Company's
Option.  The Company may, at any time after the first anniversary of a Qualified
Public Offering, issue, in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of Class B
Common Stock, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (rounded, if necessary,
to the nearest  whole  number)  having an  aggregate  value equal to 115% of the
aggregate value of all of the outstanding  shares of Class B Common Stock (where
in each  case  value  is  based on the  average  Market  Value of a share of the
relevant  class of Common  Stock  during the 20  consecutive  Trading Day period
ending on (and including) the 5th Trading Day immediately  preceding the date on
which the Company  mails the notice of exchange to holders of the Class B Common
Stock).

     3.4  General Dividend, Exchange and Redemption Provisions.

     3.4.1 If the Company completes a Disposition of All or Substantially All of
the Assets of EA.com (other than an Exempt Disposition),  the Company shall, not
more than 10 Trading Days after the  consummation of such  Disposition,  issue a
press  release  specifying  (w) the Net  Proceeds of such  Disposition,  (x) the
number of shares of the Class B Common Stock then outstanding, (y) the number of
shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon conversion, exchange or exercise of
any  convertible  or  exchangeable  securities,  options  or  warrants  and  the
conversion,  exchange  or exercise  prices  thereof and (z) the Number of Shares
Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained  Interest in EA.com.  The Company  shall,
not more than 40 Trading Days after such consummation, announce by press release
which  of the  actions  specified  in  Section  3.1.1 of this  Article  V it has
determined to take, and upon making that  announcement,  that determination will
be irrevocable.  In addition,  the Company shall,  not more than 40 Trading Days
after such  consummation and not less than 10 Trading Days before the applicable
payment date,  redemption  date or exchange  date,  send a notice by first-class
mail, postage prepaid, to

<PAGE>

holders of the relevant class of Common Stock at their  addresses as they appear
on the transfer books of the Company, specifying:

         (1) if the Company has  determined to pay a special  dividend,  (A) the
record date for such  dividend,  (B) the payment  date of such  dividend  (which
cannot  be more  than 85  Trading  Days  after  such  consummation)  and (C) the
aggregate  amount  and type of  property  to be paid in such  dividend  (and the
approximate per share amount thereof);

         (2) if the Company has  determined to undertake a  redemption,  (A) the
date of  redemption  (which  cannot  be more than 85  Trading  Days  after  such
consummation),  (B) the  aggregate  amount and type of  property to be paid as a
redemption  price (and the  approximate per share amount  thereof),  (C) if less
than all shares of the Class B Common  Stock are to be  redeemed,  the number of
shares to be redeemed and (D) the place or places where  certificates for shares
of Class B Common Stock,  properly endorsed or assigned for transfer (unless the
Company waives such  requirement),  should be surrendered in return for delivery
of the cash,  securities  or other  property  to be paid by the  Company in such
redemption; and

         (3) if the Company has  determined  to undertake  an exchange,  (A) the
date  of  exchange  (which  cannot  be more  than 85  Trading  Days  after  such
consummation),  (B) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued in
exchange for each outstanding share of Class B Common Stock and (C) the place or
places where certificates for shares of Class B Common Stock,  properly endorsed
or assigned for transfer (unless the Company waives such requirement), should be
surrendered  in return for  delivery of the Class A Common Stock to be issued by
the Company in such exchange.

     3.4.2 If the Company is redeeming less than all of the  outstanding  shares
of the Class B Common  Stock  pursuant to Section  3.1.1 of this  Article V, the
Company  shall  redeem such shares pro rata or by lot or by such other method as
the Board determines to be equitable.

     3.4.3 If the Company has  determined to complete any exchange  described in
Section  3.2 or 3.3 of this  Article  V, the  Company  shall,  not less  than 10
Trading Days and not more than 30 Trading Days before the exchange date,  send a
notice by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to holders of the relevant class of
Common  Stock at their  addresses  as they appear on the  transfer  books of the
Company,  specifying  (x) the exchange  date and the other terms of the exchange
and (y) the place or  places  where  certificates  for  shares of such  class of
Common  Stock,  properly  endorsed or assigned for transfer  (unless the Company
waives such requirement),  should be surrendered for delivery of the stock to be
issued or delivered by the Company in such exchange.

     3.4.4  Neither the failure to mail any notice  required by this Section 3.4
to any  particular  holder nor any defect  therein would affect the  sufficiency
thereof  with  respect  to any other  holder or the  validity  of any  dividend,
redemption or exchange contemplated hereby.

     3.4.5 No holder of shares of a class of Common  Stock  being  exchanged  or
redeemed shall be entitled to receive any cash,  securities or other property to
be  distributed  in such  exchange or  redemption  until such holder  surrenders
certificates  for such shares,  properly

<PAGE>

endorsed or assigned for  transfer,  at such place as the Company  shall specify
(unless the Company waives such  requirement).  As soon as practicable after the
Company's receipt of certificates for such shares,  the Company shall deliver to
the person for whose account such shares were so surrendered,  or to the nominee
or nominees of such person, the cash, securities or other property to which such
person shall be  entitled,  together  with any  fractional  payment  referred to
below, in each case without  interest.  If less than all of the shares of Common
Stock  represented by any one certificate is exchanged or redeemed,  the Company
shall also issue and  deliver a new  certificate  for the shares of such  Common
Stock not exchanged or redeemed.

     3.4.6 The  Company  shall not be  required  to issue or deliver  fractional
shares of any capital stock or any other fractional  securities to any holder of
Common  Stock upon any  exchange,  redemption,  dividend  or other  distribution
described  above.  If more than one share of Common  Stock  shall be held at the
same time by the same holder,  the Company may aggregate the number of shares of
any capital stock that would be issuable or any other  securities  that would be
distributable  to such holder upon any such  exchange,  redemption,  dividend or
other  distribution.  If there are fractional shares of any capital stock or any
other fractional securities remaining to be issued or distributed to any holder,
the Company  shall,  if such  fractional  shares or securities are not issued or
distributed  to such holder,  pay cash in respect of such  fractional  shares or
securities in an amount equal to the Fair Value thereof (without interest).

     3.4.7  From and  after  the date of  closing  any  exchange  or  redemption
contemplated by this Section 3, all rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock
being exchanged or redeemed shall cease except for the right,  upon surrender of
the  certificates  theretofore  representing  such shares,  to receive the cash,
securities or other  property for which such shares were  exchanged or redeemed,
together with any  fractional  payment as provided  above,  in each case without
interest (and, if such holder was a holder of record as of the close of business
on the  record  date for a  dividend  not yet paid,  the right to  receive  such
dividend).  A holder  of shares of Common  Stock  being  exchanged  shall not be
entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution with respect to shares of
the  other  class  of  Common   Stock  until  after   certificates   theretofore
representing  the shares being exchanged are surrendered as contemplated  above.
Upon such  surrender,  the  Company  shall pay to the  holder  the amount of any
dividends or other  distributions  (without  interest) which theretofore  became
payable with respect to a record date  occurring  after the exchange,  but which
were not paid by reason of the  foregoing,  with  respect to the number of whole
shares of the other class of Common  Stock  represented  by the  certificate  or
certificates  issued  upon such  surrender.  From and after the date set for any
exchange,  the Company shall, however, be entitled to treat the certificates for
shares of a series of Common Stock being exchanged that were not yet surrendered
for exchange as  evidencing  the  ownership of the number of whole shares of the
other  class of Common  Stock for which the shares of such Common  Stock  should
have been exchanged, notwithstanding the failure to surrender such certificates.

     3.4.8 The Company shall pay any and all documentary, stamp or similar issue
or  transfer  taxes that might be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of
any  shares  of  capital  stock  and/or  other  securities  on any  exchange  or
redemption  contemplated by this Section 3; provided,  however, that the Company
shall not be  required  to pay any tax that  might be  payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issue or delivery of any shares of capital stock

<PAGE>

and/or  other  securities  in a name  other  than  that in which  the  shares so
exchanged or redeemed  were  registered,  and no such issue or delivery  will be
made unless and until the person  requesting  such issue pays to the Company the
amount of any such tax, or establishes to the  satisfaction  of the Company that
such tax has been paid.

     3.4.9 The Company may,  subject to  applicable  law,  establish  such other
rules,  requirements  and procedures to facilitate  any dividend,  redemption or
exchange  contemplated  by this  Section  3 as the  Board  may  determine  to be
appropriate under the circumstances.

  4. Voting Rights.

     4.1 General. Subject to section 4.2, at every meeting of stockholders,  the
holders of Class A Common  Stock and the  holders of Class B Common  Stock shall
vote  together as a single class on all matters as to which common  stockholders
generally are entitled to vote, unless a separate vote is required by applicable
law. On all such matters for which no separate vote is required,  (a) holders of
Class A Common  Stock  shall be entitled to one vote per share of Class A Common
Stock held and (b) holders of Class B Common  Stock shall be entitled (i) at any
time prior to a  Qualified  Public  Offering,  to a number of votes per share of
Class B Common Stock held  (calculated to the nearest five decimal places) equal
to the Market  Value of a share of Class B Common  Stock on the date the Company
first issues shares of Class B Common Stock divided by the average  Market Value
of a share of Class A Common Stock during the 20 consecutive  Trading Day period
ending on (and  including) the 5th Trading Day before such date, and (ii) at any
time after a Qualified Public Offering,  to a number of votes per share of Class
B Common Stock held (calculated to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the
initial public  offering  price of Class B Common Stock in the Qualified  Public
Offering  divided by the average Market Value of a share of Class A Common Stock
during the 20 consecutive  Trading Day period ending on (and  including) the 5th
Trading Day before the date of such Qualified Public Offering.

     4.2 Class B Protective Provisions.  So long as any shares of Class B Common
Stock  remain  outstanding,  the Company  shall not,  without the  approval of a
majority of the Class B Common Stock then  outstanding,  voting  separately as a
class: (i) amend its Certificate of Incorporation in any manner that would alter
or change the rights,  preferences,  privileges or  restrictions  of the Class B
Common Stock so as to materially  adversely  affect the Class B Common Stock, or
(ii) increase or decrease (other than by redemption, conversion or exchange) the
total number of authorized shares of Class B Common Stock.

  5.  Liquidation   Rights.  In  the  event  of  any  voluntary  or  involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, holders of Class A Common
Stock and  holders  of Class B Common  Stock  shall be  entitled  to  receive in
respect  of shares of Class A Common  Stock and  shares of Class B Common  Stock
their  proportionate  interests  in the  net  assets  of the  Company,  if  any,
remaining for  distribution to  stockholders  (after payment of or provision for
all liabilities, including contingent liabilities of the Company). Each share of
each  class of  Common  Stock  will be  entitled  to a share of net  liquidation
proceeds in proportion  to the  respective  liquidation  units per share of such
class.  Each share of Class A Common Stock shall have one  liquidation  unit and
each share of Class B Common Stock shall have a number of liquidation

<PAGE>

units  (including  a fraction of one  liquidation  unit)  equal to the  quotient
(rounded to the nearest five  decimal  places) of the Market Value of a share of
Class B Common  Stock on the date the  Company  first  issues  shares of Class B
Common  Stock  divided by the average  Market Value of a share of Class A Common
Stock during the 20 consecutive Trading Day period ending on (and including) the
5th Trading Day before such date.  Neither the merger nor  consolidation  of the
Company with any other entity, nor a sale,  transfer or lease of all or any part
of the assets of the Company, would, alone, be deemed a liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up for purposes of this Section 5. If the Company shall in any manner
subdivide (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise) or combine (by reverse
stock split,  reclassification  or otherwise) the outstanding  shares of Class A
Common Stock or Class B Common Stock,  or declare a dividend in shares of either
class to holders of such class, the per share  liquidation units of either class
shall be  appropriately  adjusted  as  determined  by the Board,  so as to avoid
dilution (in the aggregate) of the relative  liquidation rights of the shares of
any class of Common Stock.

     6.  Adjustments to Number of Shares  Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained
Interest in EA.com.  The Number of Shares Issuable with Respect to EA's Retained
Interest in EA.com, as in effect from time to time, shall, automatically without
action by the Board or any other  person,  be: (a) adjusted in proportion to any
changes in the number of  outstanding  shares of Class B Common  Stock caused by
subdivisions (by stock split, reclassification or otherwise) or combinations (by
reverse stock split,  reclassification or otherwise) of shares of Class B Common
Stock or by dividends or other  distributions  of shares of Class B Common Stock
on  shares  of Class B  Common  Stock  (and,  in each  such  case,  rounded,  if
necessary,  to the nearest  whole  number);  (b) decreased by (i) if the Company
issues any shares of Class B Common Stock and the Board attributes that issuance
(and the  proceeds  thereof)  to EA,  the  number  of shares of Class B Stock so
issued, and (ii) if the Board transfers to EA any cash or other assets of EA.com
in  connection  with a redemption of shares of Class B Common Stock (as required
pursuant to clause (ii) of the proviso to the definition of EA) or in return for
a  decrease  in the Number of Shares  Issuable  with  Respect  to EA's  Retained
Interest in EA.com,  the number  (rounded,  if  necessary,  to the nearest whole
number)  equal to (x) the  aggregate  Fair  Value of such  cash or other  assets
divided by (y) the Market  Value of one share of Class B Common  Stock as of the
date of such transfer;  and (c) increased by (i) if the Company  repurchases any
shares of Class B Common Stock and the Board attributes that repurchase (and the
consideration  therefor)  to EA, the number of shares of Class B Common Stock so
repurchased  and (ii) if the Board  transfers to EA.com any cash or other assets
of EA in return for an increase in the Number of Shares Issuable with Respect to
EA's Retained  Interest in EA.com,  the number  (rounded,  if necessary,  to the
nearest  whole  number) equal to (x) the Fair Value of such cash or other assets
divided by (y) the Market  Value of one share of Class B Common  Stock as of the
date of such  transfer.  Neither the Company nor the Board shall take any action
that would, as a result of any of the foregoing  adjustments,  reduce the Number
of Shares  Issuable  with Respect to EA's  Retained  Interest in EA.com to below
zero. Subject to the preceding sentence, the Board may attribute the issuance of
any  shares  of  Class B  Common  Stock  (and  the  proceeds  therefrom)  or the
repurchase of Class B Common Stock (and the consideration  therefor) to EA or to
EA.com, as the Board determines in its sole discretion;  provided, however, that
the Board  must  attribute  to EA the  issuance  of any shares of Class B Common
Stock  that are  issued  (1) as a  dividend  or  other  distribution  on,  or as
consideration  for the  repurchase  of, shares of Class A Common Stock or (2) as
consideration to acquire any assets or satisfy any liabilities attributed to EA.

<PAGE>

     7.   Determinations   by  the  Board.   Subject  to  applicable   law,  any
determinations  made by the Board in good faith under this  Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or in any certificate of designation filed pursuant
hereto, including without limitation any such determinations with respect to the
businesses,  assets and  liabilities of either Group,  transactions  between the
Groups or the rights of holders of any class of Common Stock or Preferred  Stock
made  pursuant to or in the  furtherance  hereof or thereof,  shall be final and
binding  on  all   stockholders   of  the  Company.   A  record  of  all  formal
determinations of the Board made as contemplated  hereby shall be filed with the
records of the actions of the Board.

                                   ARTICLE VI

     The  stockholders  of the Company  shall have the power to adopt,  amend or
repeal the Bylaws.  The Board of  Directors  of the Company  shall also have the
power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Company,  except insofar as Bylaws
adopted by the stockholders shall otherwise provide.

                                   ARTICLE VII

     Election of Directors  need not be by written  ballot  unless a stockholder
demands  election by written  ballot at a stockholder  meeting and before voting
begins, or unless the Bylaws of the Company shall so provide.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

     A Director of the Company shall not be personally  liable to the Company or
its  stockholders  for  monetary  damages  for  breach  of  fiduciary  duty as a
director,  except for  liability  (i) for any breach of the  Director's  duty of
loyalty to the Company or its  stockholders,  (ii) for acts or omissions  not in
good faith or which involve  intentional  misconduct  or a knowing  violation of
law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) for
any transactions from which the Director derived an improper personal benefit.

     If the Delaware General  Corporation Law is hereafter  amended to authorize
the further  elimination or limitation of the liability of a Director,  then the
liability  of a director of the Company  shall be  eliminated  or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

     Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII,  nor the adoption of
any  provision  of this  Certificate  of  Incorporation  inconsistent  with this
Article  VIII,  shall  eliminate,  reduce  or  otherwise  adversely  affect  any
limitation  on the personal  liability of a director of the Company  existing at
the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

                                   ARTICLE IX

     Any action  required or  permitted to be taken by the  stockholders  of the
Company must be taken at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders
and may not be taken by consent in writing by such  holders,  except  that until
such time as there has been a Qualified  Public Offering  matters subject solely
to a vote of the holders of the Class B Common  Stock may be taken by consent in
writing by such holders.  Except as otherwise provided for herein or required

<PAGE>

by law,  special  meetings  of  stockholders  of the  Company for any purpose or
purposes may be called only by the  Chairman of the Board of Directors  pursuant
to a resolution stating the purpose or purposes thereof,  and stockholders shall
not have any power to call a special meeting.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.03
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>0003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
<TEXT>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.03


                      ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S FISCAL YEAR 2001
                              EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN


Target annual bonuses are set for each executive based upon a percentage of base
salary.  Bonuses are generally  paid in two parts,  one of which relates only to
the Company's  earnings  results,  and the second part is  discretionary  and is
measured against each individual executive's contributions.  Some executives may
have a third part  which  relates to a  specific  business  unit's or  product's
financial performance achievement.  Bonuses are paid after the end of the fiscal
year.  If profits in any period are less than 85% of plan, no bonus based on the
Company's  performance is paid for that period.  If profits exceed plan during a
period,  the bonus rate is accelerated for the  incremental  profits above plan,
with a maximum of 200% payout of the bonus target.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.01
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>0004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>



<TABLE>
                                 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT                                        EXHIBIT 21.01

<CAPTION>
                Name in                                                                       Jurisdiction
          Corporate Articles                             Doing Business As                  of Incorporation
          ------------------                             -----------------                  ----------------
<S>                                              <C>                                             <C>
ORIGIN Systems, Inc.                             ORIGIN Systems, Inc.                            Texas

Electronic Arts, Proprietary Limited (formerly   Electronic Arts, Pty. Ltd. (formerly            Commonwealth of
Entertainment and Computer Proprietary,          Entertainment and Computer Proprietary,         Australia
Limited)                                         Limited)

Electronic Arts (Canada) Inc.                    Electronic Arts (Canada) Inc. (formerly         British Columbia,
(formerly Distinctive Software, Inc.)            Distinctive Software, Inc.)                     Canada

Electronic Arts, Limited                         Electronic Arts, Limited                        United Kingdom

Electronic Arts S.A.                             Electronic Arts S.A.                            France

Electronic Arts GmbH                             Electronic Arts GmbH                            Germany

Electronic Arts K.K.                             Electronic Arts K.K.                            Japan

Electronic Arts Productions, Inc.                Crocodile Productions                           Delaware

Electronic Arts Puerto Rico Inc.                 Electronic Arts Puerto Rico Inc.                Delaware

Electronic Arts International Corporation        Electronic Arts International Corporation       California

Electronic Arts Software S.A. (formerly          Electronic Arts Software S.A. (formerly         Spain
DROSoft)                                         DROSoft)

Bullfrog Productions Ltd.                        Bullfrog Productions Ltd.                       United Kingdom

Kingsoft GmbH                                    Kingsoft GmbH                                   Germany

Electronic Arts Productions Ltd.                 Electronic Arts Productions Ltd.                United Kingdom

Electronic Arts Nordic Aktienbolag               Electronic Arts Nordic AB                       Sweden

Electronic Arts Asia Pacific PTE., LTD           Electronic Arts Asia Pacific PTE., LTD          Singapore

Electronic Arts Seattle Inc.                     Electronic Arts Seattle Inc.                    Washington

Vision Software (Pty) Limited                    Vision Software (Pty) Limited                   South Africa

Electronic Arts V.I., Inc.                       Electronic Arts V.I., Inc.                      Virgin Islands (U.S.)

Linear Arts, Inc.                                Linear Arts, Inc.                               Delaware

EA UK Holding Co.                                EA UK Holding Co.                               Delaware



<PAGE>


EA Islands Ltd.                                  EA Islands Ltd.                                 British Virgin Islands

Electronic Arts Limitada                         EA Brazil                                       Brazil

Electronic Arts Nederland B.V. i.o.              Electronic Arts BV                              The Netherlands

Electronic Arts Portugal                         Electronic Arts Portugal                        Portugal

Octopus Interactive C.V.                         Octopus Interactive C.V.                        Amsterdam

Electronic Arts Project Inc.                     Electronic Arts Project Inc.                    Delaware

Maxis K.K.                                       Maxis K.K.                                      Japan

Electronic Arts Redwood Inc.                     Electronic Arts Redwood Inc.                    Delaware

Electronic Arts Handelsges.m.b.H                 Electronic Arts Austria                         Austria

Electronic Arts Square K.K.                      Electronic Arts Square                          Japan

Electronic Arts Switzerland GmbH                 Electronic Arts Switzerland                     Switzerland

Tiburon Entertainment, Inc.                      Tiburon                                         Florida

Westwood Studios, Inc.                           Westwood                                        Nevada

Kesmai Aries Ltd                                 Kesmai Aries Ltd                                Virginia

Kesmai Studios Inc.                              Kesmai Studios Inc.                             Virginia

Kesmai Internet Game Resources Inc.              Gamestorm                                       Virginia

DreamWorks Interactive L.L.C.                    DreamWorks Interactive L.L.C.                   Washington
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.01
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>0005.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 23.01

   Report on Financial Statement Schedule and Consent of Independent Auditors


The Board of Directors
Electronic Arts Inc.:

The audits  referred to in our report dated April 28, 2000,  include the related
financial statement schedules as of March 31, 2000, and for each of the years in
the three-year  period ended March 31, 2000,  included in Electronic Arts Inc.'s
annual  report  on  Form  10-K.  This  financial   statement   schedule  is  the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion  on this  financial  statement  schedule  based  on our  audits.  In our
opinion, such financial statement schedules,  when considered in relation to the
basic consolidated  financial  statements taken as a whole,  presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein.

We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  registration  statements
(Nos. 33-66836,  33-55212,  33-53302,  33-41955,  33-82166,  33-61781, 33-61783,
333-09683,  333-09893,  333-32239,  333-32771,  333-46937, 333-60513, 333-60517,
333-84215,  333-39430 and 333-39432) on Form S-8 of Electronic  Arts Inc. of our
report  dated April 28,  2000  relating to the  consolidated  balance  sheets of
Electronic  Arts Inc. and  subsidiaries  as of March 31, 2000 and 1999,  and the
related consolidated statements of income,  stockholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the  three-year  period ended March 31,  2000,  and the
related  financial  statement  schedules,  which reports appear in the March 31,
2000, annual report on Form 10-K of Electronic Arts Inc.


                                                                        KPMG LLP


Mountain View, California
June 28, 2000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>0006.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE>                     5
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              MAR-31-2000
<PERIOD-START>                                 APR-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   MAR-31-2000
<CASH>                                           339,804
<SECURITIES>                                         236
<RECEIVABLES>                                    299,154
<ALLOWANCES>                                      65,067
<INVENTORY>                                       22,986
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 705,323
<PP&E>                                           406,601
<DEPRECIATION>                                   121,135
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 1,192,312
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            265,302
<BONDS>                                                0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                  0
<PREFERRED>                                            0
<COMMON>                                             704
<OTHER-SE>                                       922,689
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   1,192,312
<SALES>                                        1,420,011
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               1,420,011
<CGS>                                            705,808
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    705,808
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 560,417
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   6,714
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                     0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  169,814
<INCOME-TAX>                                      52,642
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                              117,172
<DISCONTINUED>                                         0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                        0
<CHANGES>                                              0
<NET-INCOME>                                     116,751
<EPS-BASIC>                                         1.86
<EPS-DILUTED>                                       1.76



</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
