-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HPsw+PYxsm3KznWgLV6DLLAQG4/Je3fbRH8ajEMIc0MeDpZKOo/2KJbdhVz2rLj5
 asg1BYI/X9XQaOychw9lEw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/0001012870-00-005959/0001012870-00-005959.txt : 20001123
<SEC-HEADER>0001012870-00-005959.hdr.sgml : 20001123
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012870-00-005959
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001109
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		20001122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XILINX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000743988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3674
]		IRS NUMBER:				770188631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0403
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		8-K
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18548
			FILM NUMBER:		775779
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		2100 LOGIC DR
				CITY:			SAN JOSE
				STATE:			CA
				ZIP:			95124
				BUSINESS PHONE:		4085597778
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		2100 LOGIC DRIVE
					STREET 2:		2100 LOGIC DRIVE
					CITY:			SAN JOSE
					STATE:			CA
					ZIP:			95124
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K FOR NOVEMBER 9, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549


                                   FORM 8-K


               Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
                      The Securities Exchange Act of 1934



      Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):  November 9, 2000

                                 Xilinx, Inc.
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


           Delaware                      0-18548                  77-0188631
(State or other jurisdiction of   (Commission File Number)   (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)



                               2100 Logic Drive
                          San Jose, California  95124
              (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)


                                (408) 559-7778
             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                      N/A
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Events.

          On November 9, 2000, RChips Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Xilinx, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Xilinx"), was merged (the "Merger") with and into
RocketChips, Inc., a Minnesota corporation ("RocketChips"), pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of September 30,
2000 by and among Xilinx, Merger Sub and RocketChips.

          Upon completion of the Merger, each then-outstanding share of common
stock of RocketChips was converted into the right to receive 0.26737 of a share
of Xilinx common stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Xilinx Common Stock"). The
total number of shares of Xilinx Common Stock issuable to the former
shareholders of RocketChips is 2,806,129, of which 380,229 shares of Xilinx
Common Stock were withheld from the RocketChips shareholders on a pro rata basis
and deposited in certain escrow funds to satisfy any valid indemnification
claims made by Xilinx following the Merger and to reimburse the RocketChips
stockholders' agent for its services in administering such claims. Any shares of
Xilinx Common Stock remaining in these escrows on the first anniversary of the
closing date of the Merger will be distributed to the former RocketChips
shareholders in proportion to their respective original contributions to the
escrow funds. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, all options to acquire
RocketChips common stock that remained outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger were assumed by Xilinx and converted into options to
purchase shares of Xilinx Common Stock based on the exchange ratio of 0.26737 of
a share of Xilinx Common Stock for each share of RocketChips common stock
underlying the assumed options. The maximum number of shares of Xilinx Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise of assumed RocketChips options is 807,458. In
no event will the number of shares of Xilinx Common Stock issuable to the former
RocketChips shareholders in the Merger, when combined with the number of shares
of Xilinx Common Stock issuable to the former option holders of RocketChips, be
more than 3,613,587.

          No fractional shares of Xilinx Common Stock will be issued in
connection with the Merger.  In lieu thereof, any holder of Xilinx Common Stock
who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fractional share of Xilinx
Common Stock will be entitled to receive a cash amount based on the whole share
value of $80.26875 (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest.

          At the effective time of the Merger, Merger Sub ceased to exist and
RocketChips, as the surviving corporation in the Merger, became a wholly owned
subsidiary of Xilinx.

          The Merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and will be accounted for as a
"purchase" transaction.

          The purchase price was determined by an arm's length negotiation among
the parties to the Merger Agreement.

          RocketChips is engaged in the design and development of high
performance analog, radio frequency and mixed-signal integrated circuits and
related intellectual property components.

                                       2
<PAGE>

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.

          (c)  Exhibits.
               --------

                99.1  Press Release issued by Xilinx, Inc. on October 3, 2000.
                99.2  Press Release issued by Xilinx, Inc. on November 10, 2000.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES


          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



                                     XILINX INC.




Dated:  November 22, 2000.  By: /s/ Kris Chellam
                               ----------------------------------------
                               Kris Chellam
                               Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                               (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)

                                       4
<PAGE>

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS


  Exhibit
  Number                             Description
- -----------                          -----------

   99.1      Press Release issued by Xilinx, Inc. on October 3, 2000.
   99.2      Press Release issued by Xilinx, Inc. on November 10, 2000.

                                       5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED OCTOBER 3, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1
Press Release

Xilinx Announces Acquisition of RocketChips

Merger provides Xilinx with ultra-high-speed CMOS transceiver technology

SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--October 3, 2000--Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX -
                                                                         ----
news) today announced an agreement to acquire RocketChips, Inc, a privately-held
- ----
fabless semiconductor company. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with
design centers in Austin, Texas and Ames, Iowa, RocketChips is a leading
developer of ultra-high-speed CMOS mixed-signal transceivers serving the
networking, wireless and wired telecommunications, and enterprise storage
markets.

The CMOS Serial Revolution
- ---------------------------

The traditional workhorse of system-level interconnect has been the parallel
bus, exemplified by such well-known standards as PCI. With increasing data
rates, however, parallel busses have struggled to keep up in terms of speed,
power, signal integrity, and size (pin count). As a result, system architects
are turning to high-speed serial interconnect technology, which provides
dramatic improvements in bandwidth, pin-count, power, and signal integrity.
Serial backplane architectures are expected to grow from 5% to 100% of network
system architectures over the next few years.

Traditional serial transceivers, while fast and more pin efficient, are largely
based on non-mainstream GaAs and Bipolar processes. These designs consume
significant power levels, and their processes preclude integration into complex
CMOS devices such as FPGAs and other networking components. Recent breakthroughs
in CMOS circuit design and modeling have enabled next-generation serial
transceivers to be constructed using standard CMOS processes, thereby
dramatically lowering power levels and at the same time enabling integration
into large-scale high-integration CMOS devices such as FPGAs.

RocketChips' gigabit and multi-gigabit serial CMOS transceiver technologies
provide solutions for a wide range of serial system architectures in the
networking, telecommunications, and enterprise storage markets served by
Xilinx(R) FPGA technology. Solutions comprise serial backplane transceivers
(Single and Quad 3.125Gb Transceivers), telecom transceivers (SONET OC-48 and
OC-192), enterprise storage transceivers (Fibrechannel, Ethernet), and
networking transceivers (Gigabit Ethernet, 10Gb Ethernet, and Infiniband). When
combined with next-generation Xilinx FPGAs comprising high-performance million-
gate programmable logic technology as well as leading-edge PowerPC(R) RISC
processors, they enable the high-bandwidth data rates, wire-speed data
processing, and interoperability demanded in advanced networking, telecom, and
enterprise storage solution designs. These markets collectively represent an
incremental FPGA market opportunity of over $6 billion.

                                       1
<PAGE>

"This acquisition is a step function in the evolution of FPGA technology as a
preferred platform for networking, communications, and storage server designs,"
said Dennis Segers, senior vice president and general manager of the Xilinx
Advanced Products Group. "The combination of CMOS gigabit-serial transceivers
and our market-leadership FPGA solutions promises to provide dramatic system-
level benefits to our customers. Moreover, we are excited by the addition of
RocketChips' specialized expertise to our team, and we expect to rapidly expand
our new design centers in Minneapolis, Austin, and Ames in keeping with our
aggressive investment in research and development."

"We are extremely pleased to join forces with Xilinx," said Raymond R. Johnson,
CEO and president of RocketChips.  "The synergy of our technologies and
expertise enables a step-function increase in system-level capabilities. We look
forward to working together in driving the next revolution in FPGA technology."

Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. The acquisition will be accounted
for under the purchase method of accounting. In the future, Xilinx will begin to
report earnings per share on an earnings before goodwill basis (EBG), which is
not expected to be materially impacted.

Xilinx will conduct a conference call today (October 3) at 1:00 p.m., Pacific
Time. The conference call number is 415-908-6243. A recorded playback of the
conference call will be available for 48 hours upon the conclusion of the call.
The call-in number for the replay is 800-633-8284 (passcode:16528175).

About Xilinx
- ------------

Xilinx is the leading innovator of complete programmable logic solutions,
including advanced integrated circuits, software design tools, predefined system
functions delivered as cores, and unparalleled field engineering support.
Founded in 1984 and headquartered in San Jose, Calif., Xilinx invented the field
programmable gate array (FPGA) and fulfills more than half of the world demand
for these devices today. Xilinx solutions enable customers to reduce
significantly the time required to develop products for the computer,
peripheral, telecommunications, networking, industrial control, instrumentation,
high-reliability/military, and consumer markets. For more information, visit the
Xilinx web site at http://www.xilinx.com.
                   ---------------------

About RocketChips
- ------------------

RocketChips, Inc. was founded in January, 1997, by Dr. Bernard L. Grung and
Raymond R. Johnson. Dr. Grung has extensive expertise in the areas of high-speed
mixed-signal circuit design and the device physics of GaAs, BiCMOS, and CMOS
circuit elements. He pioneered the development of high-speed CMOS circuit
topologies capable of achieving GaAs performance levels. He is the co-author of
three books on IC devices: MOSFET Theory and Design, Semiconductor-Device
Electronics, and Transistors: Fundamentals for Integrated Circuits Engineer. He
received his BS, MS, and PhD degrees from the University of Minnesota, and
previously held senior technical positions at VTC and the Honeywell Physical
Sciences Center. Mr. Johnson brings 18 years of executive level experience in
management, strategic planning,

                                       2
<PAGE>

marketing and worldwide sales for high-tech companies, with extensive expertise
leading and managing both domestic and international business and product
development teams. Mr. Johnson previously held senior management positions at
Honeywell. The company currently has over 60 employees and specializes in ultra-
high-speed designs using conventional CMOS technology. For more information,
visit the RocketChips web site at http://www.rocketchips.com.
                                  --------------------------

This release contains forward-looking statements and important factors that are
subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in acquisitions of technologies and
businesses, including risks relating to the integration of the personnel and
businesses of RocketChips and Xilinx; other integration issues including costs
and unanticipated expenditures, changing relationships with customers, suppliers
and strategic partners, potential contractual intellectual property or
employment issues, accounting treatment and charges, and the risks that the
acquisition cannot be completed successfully or that anticipated benefits are
not realized; pricing pressures and other competitive factors the rate at which
present and future customers and end-users adopt Xilinx's and RocketChips'
technologies and products or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or
delivery of our products; our ability to develop or acquire, complete,
introduce, market and transition to volume production new products and
technologies in a timely manner; the effects of new and emerging technologies;
the effectiveness of our product cost reduction efforts; problems or delays that
we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry process technologies
and in achieving higher levels of design integrations; our ability to retain and
hire key executives, technical personnel and other employees, the effects of
natural disasters and other events beyond our control; and other risk factor
included in our most recently filed Form 10-K.

      Glossary

      Backplane - A printed circuit board that provides the physical connection
for the network interface.

      Bipolar - An analog semiconductor process technology characterized by fast
switching speeds at the expense of high power consumption.

      CMOS (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor)- A semiconductor process
technology that is characterized by high integration, low cost, low power, and
high performance.

      Ethernet - A local area network (LAN) data communications protocol that
operates at 10 megabits per second (Mbps).

      FibreChannel - A communications technology that operates at speeds up to 1
Gbps, most often used to connect servers to shared storage devices.

      Gigabit Ethernet - The next generation of Ethernet after 100Mbps (Fast
Ethernet).

      GaAs (Galium Arsenide) - A semiconductor process technology that is
characterized by high transistor switching speeds. GaAs circuits re typically
more expensive than silicon chips and are not as easy to integrate.

      Gbps (Gigabits per second) - A "gig" equals one thousand million bits per
second.

      Infiniband - A high-speed I/O standard supported by Intel, Compaq, Dell
and IBM, among others that is used primarily in applications such as remote
storage devices, servers, and other networking devices.

      I/O (Input/output) - Term referring to the input or output of data from
any channel or device.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      Mbps (Megabits per second) - One million bits per second.

      OC-XX (Optical Carrier) - Prevails primarily in the Internet edge and
Intent core space. Many networking applications such as switches, IP Routers,
and frame relay equipment utilize this standard. OC-48 enables a bandwidth of
2.5 Gbps and OC-192 enables a bandwidth of 10.0 Gbps

      PCI (Peripheral Component Interconnect) - A bus used in PCs to
interconnect the microprocessor and other components within the computer.

      SONET (Synchronous Optical Networking) - SONET is a North American
Transport technology standard for interconnecting high-speed traffic over fiber
optic cables.

      Tranceiver (Transmitter/Receiver) -Contains the circuits for both
transmitting and receiving optical signals in the same part. The transceiver is
mixed-signal, having both digital and analog functionality.

Contact:

      Xilinx Financial Analyst Contact:
      Maria Quillard, (408) 879-4988
      email: mariaq@xilinx.com
             -----------------
             or
      Xilinx Company Contact:
      Erich Goetting,(408) 879-5193
      e-mail:erich.goetting@xilinx.com
             -------------------------
             or
      Xilinx Editorial Contact:
      Mike Seither, (408) 879-6557
      email: publicrelations@xilinx.com
             --------------------------
             or
      RocketChips Contact:
      Ray Johnson, (612) 948-0000 x300
      e-mail: rayj@rocketchips.com
              --------------------

                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>0003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED NOVEMBER 10, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.2

Press Release

Xilinx Completes Acquisition of RocketChips

SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 10, 2000--Xilinx, Inc. (Nasdaq:XLNX -
                                                                       ----
news), the leading supplier of programmable logic solutions, today announced
- ----
that it has completed the acquisition of RocketChips, a privately-held fabless
semiconductor company headquartered in Minneapolis, with design centers in
Austin, Texas and Ames, Iowa. RocketChips is a leading developer of ultra-high-
speed CMOS mixed-signal transceivers serving the networking, wireless and wired
telecommunications, and enterprise storage markets.

Under the terms of the acquisition, Xilinx will issue an aggregate of 3,613,587
million shares of Xilinx common stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of
RocketChips common stock, including employee stock options.

The merger transaction will be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting. Xilinx expects to record a one-time charge for purchased in-process
research and development expenses related to the acquisition in its third fiscal
quarter, ending December 31.

Copies of financial literature, including this release, are available via fax or
voice recording by dialing Xilinx's shareholder service line at 800/836-4002.
Investor information is also available on the Investor Relations Web site at
http://investor.xilinx.com.
- --------------------------

Xilinx is the leading supplier of complete programmable logic solutions,
including advanced integrated circuits, software design tools, predefined system
functions delivered as cores, and unparalleled field engineering support.
Founded in 1984 and headquartered in San Jose, Xilinx invented the field
programmable gate array (FPGA) and fulfills more than half of the world demand
for these devices today. Xilinx solutions enable customers to reduce
significantly the time required to develop products for the computer,
peripheral, telecommunications, networking, industrial control, instrumentation,
aerospace, defense and consumer markets. For more information, visit the Xilinx
web site at www.xilinx.com.
            --------------

This release contains forward-looking statements and important factors that are
subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in acquisitions of technologies and
businesses, including risks relating to the integration of the personnel and
businesses of RocketChips and Xilinx; other integration issues including costs
and unanticipated expenditures, changing relationships with customers, suppliers
and strategic partners, potential contractual intellectual property or
employment issues, accounting treatment and charges, and the risks that the
acquisition cannot be completed successfully or that anticipated benefits are
not realized; pricing pressures and other competitive factors the rate at which
present and future customers and end-users adopt Xilinx's and RocketChips'
technologies and products or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or
delivery of our products; our ability to develop or acquire, complete,
introduce, market and transition to volume production new products and
technologies in a timely manner; the effects of new and

                                       1
<PAGE>

emerging technologies; the effectiveness of our product cost reduction efforts;
problems or delays that we may face in shifting our products to smaller geometry
process technologies and in achieving higher levels of design integrations; our
ability to retain and hire key executives, technical personnel and other
employees, the effects of natural disasters and other events beyond our control;
and other risk factor included in our most recently filed Form 10-K.

For more information on Xilinx, access our World Wide Web site at
http://www.xilinx.com. Xilinx is a registered trademark of Xilinx, Inc. All XC-
- ---------------------
prefix product designations are trademarks of Xilinx, Inc. Other brands or
product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective
owners.

Contact:

   Xilinx, Inc.
   Maria Quillard, 408/879-4988

                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
