-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 ITYz0ZSya4b9nk/swkw1f76Y5oKa8zFv87lTom4+C6kubWN95rPlnRhR8q0mxYxq
 juUexIn1T8VQT5ZBJr+5Bg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>/in/edgar/work/0001012870-00-003797/0001012870-00-003797.txt : 20000718
<SEC-HEADER>0001012870-00-003797.hdr.sgml : 20000718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012870-00-003797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000630
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000717

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3572
]		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
</COMPANY-DATA>

		FILING VALUES:
			FORM TYPE:		8-K
			SEC ACT:		
			SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
			FILM NUMBER:		674164
</FILING-VALUES>

			BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
				STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
				CITY:			SUNNYVALE
				STATE:			CA
				ZIP:			94089
				BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500
</BUSINESS-ADDRESS>

				MAIL ADDRESS:	
					STREET 1:		140 CASPIAN COURT
					CITY:			SUNNYVALE
					STATE:			CA
					ZIP:			94089
</MAIL-ADDRESS>
</FILER>
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                 UNITED STATES
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934



Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)   June 30, 2000
                                                --------------------------------
                             SanDisk Corporation
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Delaware                          000-26734                 77-0191793
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission             (IRS Employer
of incorporation)                  File Number)        Identification No.)


               140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California            94089
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices)          (Zip Code)



Registrant's telephone number, including area code  (408) 542-0500
                                                   -----------------------------
                                     None
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>

ITEM 5.  OTHER EVENTS

      Toshiba Collaboration
      ---------------------

          On June 30, 2000, SanDisk closed a transaction with Toshiba under
which we and Toshiba created a new semiconductor company - FlashVision, L.L.C. -
to produce advanced flash memory, utilizing fabrication space at Dominion
Semiconductor in Manassas, VA. We and Toshiba will each get 50 percent of
Dominion's flash memory production and will separately market and sell our share
of the output of the joint venture production to our respective customers. The
NAND memory wafers will primarily be used to manufacture flash memory cards for
use in digital cameras, digital music players and future generations of cell
phones .

          Under the strategic joint venture, we and Toshiba plan to spend
approximately $700 million to equip existing fabrication space at Dominion. The
investment costs and ownership of FlashVision will be shared equally by both of
us. Dominion expects to hire an additional 600 workers for production for
FlashVision with volume production of NAND flash memories expected to start in
the second half of 2001 and achieve high volume mass production in 2002.

          In addition to the joint venture company, we and Toshiba will work
together to develop 512 megabit (Mbit), 1 gigabit (Gbit) and 2 Gbit flash
memories -- along with future generations of flash memories -- employing 0.16
and 0.13 micron process technologies. The flash memory devices will utilize
SanDisk's proprietary multilevel cell (MLC) flash technology. In addition, we
and Toshiba will develop advanced controllers including Secure Digital (SD)
Memory Card controllers.

          A copy of the Registrant's press release issued on May 9, 2000
announcing the signing of the agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and
is incorporated herein in its entirety by reference.

      Investment in Tower Semiconductor
      ---------------------------------

          On July 4, 2000, SanDisk announced an agreement with Tower
Semiconductor under which we will make a $75 million strategic investment in
Tower. In return for our investment, we will receive equity, corresponding
representation on Tower's board and committed production capacity in the
advanced fabrication facility Tower plans to build in Migdal Haemek, Israel.

          Tower plans to raise additional equity, mostly from other strategic
partners in similar transactions, of approximately $350 million. It is expected
that following the completion of all the financing transactions necessary for
the new wafer manufacturing facility, we will hold approximately a 10% stake in
Tower, while the Israel Corp. will own approximately 20% of Tower. Additional
strategic partners that will join the initiative will hold together
approximately 30% of the company.

          Under the terms of the agreement, our investment will be made in
several stages over an approximately 18 month period, against satisfactory
completion of key milestones for the construction, equipping and commencement of
production at the new wafer fab. We will receive from Tower a guaranteed portion
of the available wafer capacity at competitive pricing, with first production
expected in 2002. We will also hold an option to acquire additional equity of
approximately 10% of Tower under generally similar terms. The total cost of the
project is estimated at $1.5 billion through the end of 2003.

          The closing of the transaction with Tower is subject to several
conditions, including the timely approval of a financial incentive package from
the Israeli government, securing additional required financing from other wafer
fab partners and banking and/or financial institutions, timely commencement of
fab construction, as well as respective board approval.

          A copy of the Registrant's press release issued on July 4, 2000
concerning the foregoing is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated
herein in its entirety by reference.



ITEM 7.  EXHIBITS

          Exhibits
          --------

          Number    Description of Document
          ------    -----------------------

          99.1  Press Release of the Registrant dated May 9, 2000 announcing
                collaboration with Toshiba Corporation.

          99.2  Press Release of the Registrant dated July 4, 2000 announcing
                Investment Agreement with Tower Semiconductor.

<PAGE>

                         SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                       SANDISK CORPORATION



Date:  July 17, 2000                 By: /s/  Frank A. Calderoni
                                         --------------------------
                                         Name:   Frank A. Calderoni
                                         Title:  Senior Vice President, Finance
                                                 and Administration, and
                                                 Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX



Exhibit
Number    Description of Document
- ------    -----------------------

99.1      Press Release of the Registrant dated May 9, 2000 announcing
          collaboration with Toshiba Corporation.

99.2      Press Release of the Registrant dated July 4, 2000 announcing
          Investment Agreement with Tower Semiconductor.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>0002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MAY 9, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1



CONTACT:  Annette Keller (949) 455-2298                     Not For Release
                                                            ---------------
          Toshiba America Electronic Components, Inc.       Until May 9, 2000
                                                            -----------------
          Annette Keller@taec.toshiba.com
          -------------------------------

          Bob Goligoski (408) 542-0463
          SanDisk Corporation
          bgoligoski@sandisk.com
          ----------------------
A.

                 TOSHIBA AND SANDISK SIGN AGREEMENT TO INVEST
              $700 MILLION IN  FAB PLANT TO PRODUCE FLASH MEMORY

                  New Company - FlashVision LLC - Is Created;
                  -------------------------------------------


                    600 Workers To Be Hired At Virginia Fab
                    ---------------------------------------



     MANASSAS, VA, May 9, 2000 - Toshiba Corporation and SanDisk Corporation
(NASDAQ:SNDK) today signed an agreement to create a new semiconductor company -
FlashVision LLC - to produce advanced flash memory, utilizing fabrication space
at Dominion Semiconductor in Manassas, VA. Toshiba and SanDisk will each get 50
percent of Dominion's flash memory production and will separately market and
sell their share of the output of the joint venture production to their
respective customers. The NAND memory wafers will primarily be used to
manufacture flash memory cards for use in digital cameras, digital music players
and future generations of cell phones. By 2002, the flash memory production
capacity of the joint venture is projected to be able to support more than $1
billion in annual sales.

     The agreement was announced today at a news conference in Manassas attended
by Virginia Governor James S. Gilmore III, state and local officials and
business leaders and representatives from Toshiba, SanDisk and Dominion
Semiconductor.

     Yasuo Morimoto, president and CEO, Toshiba Corporation Semiconductor
Company, welcomed the new joint venture and said, "FlashVision will bring
together Toshiba's advanced semiconductor process technologies and SanDisk's
original multilevel cell technology. The company will build on the excellent
potential of NAND flash to produce cost-effective, next generation devices and
can look forward to a very bright future."

     Eli Harari, president and CEO of SanDisk, said, "It is an honor and a
pleasure for SanDisk Corporation to participate today with Toshiba Corporation
in the launching of this exciting FlashVision joint venture. In the short time
we have worked with the Dominion manufacturing team, we are impressed with their
high professionalism, dedication, warm hospitality and passionate desire to help
us launch FlashVision right here at Dominion Manassas. The markets for the flash
memory that will be manufactured at Dominion are projected to grow rapidly in
the coming decade. SanDisk, Toshiba, the state of Virginia and the local
government at Manassas are committed to work together with the Dominion team to
make FlashVision a commercial success. I am confident that FlashVision will
produce the most advanced and most competitive flash storage products in the
world, thereby creating an engine of growth and prosperity for all
participants."
<PAGE>

     Under the strategic joint venture, Toshiba and SanDisk plan to spend
approximately $700 million to equip existing fabrication space at Dominion. The
investment costs and ownership of FlashVision will be shared equally by both
companies. Dominion expects to hire an additional 600 workers for production for
FlashVision with volume production of NAND flash memories expected to start in
the second half of 2001 and achieve high volume mass production in 2002.

     In addition to the joint venture company, Toshiba and SanDisk will work
together to develop 512 megabit (Mbit), 1 gigabit (Gbit) and 2 Gbit flash
memories -- along with future generations of flash memories -- employing 0.16
and 0.13 micron process technologies. The flash memory devices will utilize
SanDisk's proprietary multilevel cell (MLC) flash technology. In addition, the
companies will develop advanced controllers including Secure Digital (SD) Memory
Card controllers. The agreement is expected to close no later than June 30,
2000, pending satisfactory completion of due diligence by SanDisk and Toshiba.

     Toshiba Corporation is a leader in information and communications systems,
electronic components, consumer products, and power systems. The company's
integration of these wide-ranging capabilities assures its position as a leading
company in semiconductor, LCD and other electronic devices. Toshiba has 198,000
employees worldwide and annual sales of over $50 (US) billion. Visit Toshiba's
website at http://www.toshiba.co.jp
           ------------------------

     SanDisk Corporation, the world's largest supplier of flash data storage
products, designs, manufactures and markets industry-standard, solid-state data,
digital imaging and audio storage products using its patented, high density
flash memory and controller technology. SanDisk is based in Sunnyvale, CA. Visit
SanDisk's website at http://www.sandisk.com.
                     ----------------------

     The matters discussed in this news release contain forward looking
statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including but not
limited to the venture's ability to successfully produce wafers in commercial
quantity, market demand and those factors described under the caption "Factors
That May Affect Future Results" in the company's annual report on Form 10-K and
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The company assumes no obligation to update the information in this
release.

All trade names are either registered trademarks or trademarks of their
respective holders.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>0003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JULY 4, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2



TOWER     Udi Efrat
- -----
CONTACT:  Technical Marketing Manager
- --------
          011-972-6-650-6203
          011-972-6-654-7788 (fax)
          udief@towersemi.com

SANDISK   Bob Goligoski
- -------
CONTACT:  SanDisk Corporation
- -------
          408 - 542 - 0463
          bgoligoski@sandisk.com
          ----------------------

KCSA      Paul Holm/Joseph A. Mansi
- ----
CONTACT:  212-896-0201/896-1205
- --------
          pholm@kcsa.com/jmansi@kcsa.com
          ------------------------------
          www.kcsa.co



                  TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR AND SANDISK CORPORATION


              ANNOUNCE $75 MILLION STRATEGIC INVESTMENT AGREEMENT

                                    - - - -
     Tower To Build New Fab In Israel With SanDisk As First Wafer Partner

                                   - - - - -
           Tower Expects To Sign Additional Partners In Near Future
                                   - - - - -
            Construction Of New Fab Anticipated To Start This Year

                                   - - - - -
             Parties will host joint teleconference call on July 5


     MIGDAL HAEMEK, ISRAEL, July 4, 2000 -- Tower Semiconductor (NASDAQ: TSEM)
and SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ: SNDK) today announced that they have entered
into a definitive agreement under which SanDisk will make a $75 million
strategic investment in Tower. In return for its investment, SanDisk will
receive equity, corresponding representation on Tower's board and committed
production capacity in the advanced fab Tower plans to build in Migdal Haemek,
Israel. The announcement was made at a joint Tower-SanDisk press conference.

     Tower plans to raise additional equity, mostly from other strategic
partners in similar transactions, of approximately $350 million. It is expected
that following the completion of all the financing transactions necessary for
the new wafer manufacturing facility, SanDisk will hold approximately a 10%
stake in Tower,
<PAGE>

while the Israel Corp. will have about 20%. Additional strategic partners that
will join the initiative will hold together approximately 30% of the company.

     "I am pleased to announce that SanDisk is joining us both as a major
investor and wafer partner in the new fab," said Dr. Yoav Nissan-Cohen, Tower's
Co-Chief Executive Officer. "The two partnerships announced so far - first with
Toshiba and now with SanDisk - were significant steps toward the new fab.
Following this agreement with SanDisk, we expect to announce similar agreements
with additional wafer partners in the very near future."

     Nissan-Cohen continued, "This fab, which will be the most advanced pure-
play foundry facility in Europe, will enable us to provide our customers with
leading edge processes and meet the demand for our advanced specialized
technologies. With the new fab, we will be able to maximize the value of our
CMOS image sensor technology, and also of the microFLASH(R) process, which we
developed jointly with Saifun Semiconductor based on their pioneering
technology."


     Dr. Eli Harari, President and CEO of SanDisk said, "SanDisk is very pleased
to announce this strategic investment in Tower Semiconductor. This step
represents a natural extension of our strategic alliance with Toshiba for the
joint development and manufacturing of advanced flash memories and SD (Secure
Digital) Card controllers. Toshiba has recently agreed to transfer its advanced
CMOS Logic technology to Tower under a separate Technology License Agreement. We
intend to incorporate this technology in the design and future manufacturing by
Tower of the advanced controller chips used in SanDisk's flash memory cards. Our
highly successful SanDisk Israel Design Center, which has the responsibility for
developing every SanDisk Flash controller used in our MultiMediaCards and Secure
Digital Cards, will work closely with Tower to bring up the production of future
advanced controller chips for SanDisk."

     Harari also said, "The strong financial incentives package expected from
the Israeli government, including substantial grants and favorable tax
incentives, was a critical element in our decision. We were also impressed with
Tower's reputation for excellent customer service, and we agree with Tower's
strategy to position itself as a European Centric foundry specializing in
advanced CMOS logic, embedded microFLASH and CMOS Image Sensors."

     Tower and Israel Corporation Chairman Idan Ofer commented, "This agreement
reflects Israel Corporation's decision to focus on the semiconductor industry as
one of our main holdings. An advanced wafer fab is central to Tower's long term
plans. The combination of Toshiba's advanced technologies, Tower's quality
people and management team, and SanDisk's leadership and product innovation in
its market, will help us transform Tower into a world class, leading edge
semiconductor manufacturer over the next few years. We are now proceeding to put
into place the other necessary elements of the new fab. We are working to obtain
<PAGE>

approval of a government incentive package, bring in additional wafer partners
and secure the necessary financing to launch this exciting project."

     Yasuo Morimoto, the president of Toshiba Semiconductor Company, said:
"Toshiba welcomes SanDisk's decision to join Tower as a wafer partner in its new
fab. We are already cooperating with SanDisk in the area of NAND Flash, and we
believe the Tower project will enable the two companies to enhance their
business. We are also confident that the support of Toshiba and SanDisk will
contribute to the success of Tower's project."

     About Tower's New Fab

     Tower will use the investment, expected government grant, bank loans and
its own cash toward constructing an advanced fab adjacent to its current
facility in Migdal Haemek, Israel. The new fab, called "Fab 2", is planned to
employ approximately 1,000 professionals and produce up to 33,000 200-mm wafers
per month. Tower has already started recruiting employees for Fab 2 in Israel
and abroad, and is preparing an extensive training program to bring the new
recruits to the necessary skill level. Tower is planning to commence
construction of the new Fab later this year. The agreement between Tower and
SanDisk follows the previously announced technology transfer agreement between
Tower and Toshiba Corporation pursuant to which Toshiba agreed to transfer to
Tower the deep sub-micron CMOS process technologies to be used in the new fab.
Transfer of know-how from Toshiba has already begun with Tower engineers at
Toshiba's plant in Japan.

     Agreement Terms
     ---------------

     Under the terms of the agreement, SanDisk's investment will be made in
several stages over an approximately 18 month period, against satisfactory
completion of key milestones for the construction, equipping and commencement of
production at the new wafer fab. SanDisk will receive from Tower a guaranteed
portion of the available wafer capacity at competitive pricing, with first
production expected in 2002. SanDisk will also hold an option to acquire
additional equity of approximately 10% of Tower under generally similar terms.
The total cost of the project is estimated at $1.5 billion through the end of
2003. The closing of the transaction with SanDisk is subject to several
conditions, including the timely approval of a financial incentive package from
the Israeli government, securing additional required financing from other wafer
fab partners and banking and/or financial institutions, timely commencement of
fab construction, as well as respective board approval.

     Tower and SanDisk CEOs will hold a joint teleconference call to discuss the
news in this press release. The call will take place at noon (EDT), Wednesday,
July 5. To take part in the teleconference call, dial 1-800-521-5469 (domestic)
or 1-303-267-1007 (international) about 10 minutes prior to noon
<PAGE>

(EDT) and ask for the "Tower Semiconductor Teleconference." You will then hear a
presentation by Dr. Yoav Nissan-Cohen and Dr. Eli Harari, who will host the call
and be available to answer questions.

     The teleconference may also be heard on vcall's Web site at
http://www.vcall.com. Replay: For those unable to participate, a replay will be
- --------------------
made available from 2 pm (EDT) on July 5 to 7 pm (EDT) on July 7. To listen in,
please dial 1-800-625-5288 (domestic) or 1-303-804-1855 (international). Replay
ID Code: 756681.



     TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR LTD. is an independent manufacturer and service
provider of semiconductor integrated circuits on silicon wafers. As a foundry,
Tower provides IC design, manufacturing and turnkey services using advanced
production capabilities and the proprietary IC designs of its customers, and is
specializing in providing solutions for embedded non-volatile memory devices and
CMOS image sensors. ICs manufactured by Tower are incorporated into a wide range
of products in diverse and rapidly growing markets, including computer and
office equipment, communication products and consumer electronics.

     SANDISK CORPORATION is the world's largest supplier of flash data storage
products, designs, manufactures and markets industry-standard, solid-state data,
digital imaging and audio storage products using its patented, high density
flash memory and controller technology. SanDisk is based in Sunnyvale,
California.

     microFLASH(R) is a registered trademark of Tower Semiconductor Ltd.

     SanDisk's web site/home page address: http://www.sandisk.com
                                           ----------------------

     Tower's web site/home page address: http://www.TowerSemi.com
                                             ------------------------


Tower And SanDisk Safe Harbor Statement

This press release includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary from those projected or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include,
without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with (i) satisfaction of
the conditions to the closing of the agreement with SanDisk, including obtaining
commitments for additional equity and debt financing and government grants, (ii)
initiating and completing the construction of a new wafer manufacturing
facility, (iii) conditions in the market for foundry manufacturing services and
in the market for semiconductor products generally, (iv) successful completion
of the development and introduction to production of Tower's microFLASH process
and other advanced CMOS technologies that are currently under development and/or
being introduced to production, (v) market acceptance and competitiveness of the
products to be manufactured by Tower for customers using these technologies and
(vi) ramp-up at Tower's new fabrication facility. A more complete discussion of
risks and uncertainties that may affect the accuracy of these statements, and
Tower's business generally, is included at "Item 1. Business -- Factors Which
May Influence Future Results and Accuracy of Forward-Looking Statements" in
Tower's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed by Tower with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
