-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QLtTeQ+c26TyMX5XagtT/WbbJHXzeB9bojMfuiXvkH+OEaukpL7AMO19quMj9s7G
 /v7RZX6IPVPnSomAmhedgA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001000180-97-000004.txt : 19970429
<SEC-HEADER>0001000180-97-000004.hdr.sgml : 19970429
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000180-97-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19970418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970428
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDISK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				770191793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26734
		FILM NUMBER:		97588649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3270 JAY ST
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085620500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3270 JAY ST
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

    


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                 ---------------


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT


                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)       April 18, 1997
                                                 ---------------------------


                               SANDISK CORPORATION
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)



         Delaware                       0-26734                 77-0191793
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction          (Commission              (IRS Employer
    of incorporation)                 File Number)           Identification No.)



140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California                            94089
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip Code)



Registrant's telephone number, including area code      (408) 542-0500
                                                    ------------------------


                                      None
                                      ----
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)





<PAGE>



Item 5.  Other Events.

                  On  April  18,  1997,   the  Board  of  Directors  of  SanDisk
Corporation (the "Company")  declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase
right (a "Right") for each outstanding  share of common stock,  $0.001 par value
(the "Common Shares"), of the Company. The dividend is payable on April 28, 1997
(the  "Record  Date") to the  stockholders  of record on that  date.  Each Right
entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-hundredth of
a share of Series A Junior Participating  Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value (the
"Preferred  Shares"),  of the Company at a price of $65.00 per one one-hundredth
of a  Preferred  Share  (the  "Purchase  Price"),  subject  to  adjustment.  The
description  and terms of the  Rights are set forth in a Rights  Agreement  (the
"Rights  Agreement")  between the Company and Harris Trust and Savings  Bank, as
Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").


                  Until  the  earlier  to occur of (i) ten  (10)  business  days
following  a public  announcement  that a  person  or  group  of  affiliated  or
associated persons (an "Acquiring Person") have acquired beneficial ownership of
15% or more of the outstanding  Common Shares or (ii) ten (10) business days (or
such later date as may be determined  by action of the Board of Directors  prior
to  such  time  as  any  Person  becomes  an  Acquiring  Person)  following  the
commencement  of, or  announcement  of an  intention  to make, a tender offer or
exchange  offer  the  consummation  of  which  would  result  in the  beneficial
ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of such outstanding  Common Shares
(the earlier of such dates being  called the  "Distribution  Date"),  the Rights
will  be  evidenced,  with  respect  to  any of the  Common  Share  certificates
outstanding as of the Record Date, by such Common Share certificate.

                  The Rights  Agreement  provides that,  until the  Distribution
Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the Common Shares. Until
the Distribution Date (or earlier  redemption or expiration of the Rights),  new
Common Share  certificates  issued after the Record Date,  upon  transfer or new
issuance of Common  Shares,  will  contain a notation  incorporating  the Rights
Agreement by reference.  Until the Distribution  Date (or earlier  redemption or
expiration of the Rights),  the surrender for transfer of any  certificates  for
Common  Shares  outstanding  as of the  Record  Date  will also  constitute  the
transfer of the Rights  associated  with the Common Shares  represented  by such
certificate.  As soon as practicable  following the Distribution Date,  separate
certificates  evidencing  the Rights  ("Right  Certificates")  will be mailed to
holders  of record of the  Common  Shares  as of the  close of  business  on the
Distribution Date and such separate Right  Certificates  alone will evidence the
Rights.

                  The Rights are not exercisable  until the  Distribution  Date.
The Rights  will  expire at the close of  business on April 28, 2007 (the "Final
Expiration  Date"),  unless the Final  Expiration Date is extended or unless the
Rights are earlier redeemed by the Company, in each case as described below.

                  The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other  securities  or  property  issuable,  upon  exercise  of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent  dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision,  combination or reclassification  of, the
Preferred  Shares,  (ii) upon the grant to  holders of the  Preferred  Shares of
certain  rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase  Preferred  Shares at a
price, or securities  convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then current market price of the Preferred  Shares,  or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of indebtedness
or assets  (excluding  regular  periodic cash  dividends paid out of earnings or
retained  earnings or dividends  payable in Preferred Shares) or of subscription
rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

                  The  number  of  outstanding  Rights  and  the  number  of one
one-hundredths  of a Preferred  Share  issuable  upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares or
a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or  subdivisions,
consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in any such case,
prior to the Distribution Date.


                                       2.
<PAGE>


                  Preferred Shares  purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will
not be  redeemable.  Each  Preferred  Share  will be  entitled  to an  aggregate
dividend of 100 times the dividend  declared per Common  Share.  In the event of
liquidation,  the  holders  of the  Preferred  Shares  will  be  entitled  to an
aggregate payment of 100 times the payment made per Common Share. Each Preferred
Share will have 100 votes,  voting together with the Common Shares.  Finally, in
the event of any merger,  consolidation  or other  transaction  in which  Common
Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to receive 100 times
the amount received per Common Share.
These rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.

                  Because  of the  nature  of the  Preferred  Shares'  dividend,
liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one one-hundredth  interest in a
Preferred Share  purchasable upon exercise of each Right should  approximate the
value of one Common Share.

                  In the  event  that,  following  the  Distribution  Date,  the
Company is acquired in a merger or other business  combination  transaction,  or
50% or more of its  consolidated  assets  or  earning  power  are  sold,  proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will  thereafter  have the
right to receive,  upon the exercise  thereof at the then current exercise price
of the Right,  that number of shares of common  stock of the  acquiring  company
which at the time of such  transaction will have a market value of two times the
exercise price of the Right.

                  In the  event  that  any  person  or group  of  affiliated  or
associated  persons  becomes  the  beneficial  owner  of  15%  or  more  of  the
outstanding  Common  Shares  (except  pursuant to a tender  offer for all of the
Common Shares at a price and on terms determined by a majority of the Continuing
Directors to be fair to and  otherwise in the best  interests of the Company and
its stockholders),  each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned
by the Acquiring  Person (which will  thereafter be void),  will thereafter have
the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common Shares (or cash,  other
securities or property) having a market value of two times the exercise price of
the Right.

                  At any time  after  the  acquisition  by a person  or group of
affiliated or associated  persons of beneficial  ownership of 15% or more of the
outstanding  Common Shares and prior to the  acquisition by such person or group
of 50% or more of the outstanding  Common Shares,  the Board of Directors of the
Company may exchange  the Rights  (other than the Rights owned by such person or
group which have become void),  in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one
Common Share (or a fraction of a Preferred Share having equivalent market value)
per Right (subject to adjustment).

                  With certain  exceptions,  no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative  adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price. No fractional  Preferred Shares will be issued (other
than fractions which are integral  multiples of one one-hundredth of a Preferred
Share,  which may, at the  election of the Company,  be evidenced by  depositary
receipts) and, in lieu thereof,  an adjustment in cash will be made based on the
market price of the  Preferred  Shares on the last trading day prior to the date
of exercise.

                  At any time prior to the tenth  (10th)  business day after the
Distribution  Date  (unless  the Board of  Directors  extends  such ten (10) day
period),  the Board of  Directors of the Company may redeem the Rights in whole,
but not in part, at a price of $0.01 per Right (the  "Redemption  Price"),  upon
the approval of a majority of the  Continuing  Directors.  The redemption of the
Rights may be made effective at such time on such basis and with such conditions
as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon
any  redemption of the Rights,  the right to exercise the Rights will  terminate
and the only right of the holders of Rights  will be to receive  the  Redemption
Price. The Rights are also redeemable under other  circumstances as specified in
the Rights Agreement.

                  The  terms  of the  Rights  may be  amended  by the  Board  of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights,  upon
the approval of a majority of the Continuing  Directors,  including an amendment
to lower certain thresholds  described above to not less than the greater of (i)
any percentage

                                       3.
<PAGE>


greater than the largest  percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then known
to the Company to be beneficially  owned by any person or group of affiliated or
associated  persons and (ii) 15%,  except  that from and after the  Distribution
Date no such amendment may adversely  affect the interests of the holders of the
Rights.

                  Until a Right is exercised,  the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company,  including,  without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

                  The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights will
cause  substantial  dilution  to a person or group that  attempts to acquire the
Company  on terms not  approved  by the  Company's  Board of  Directors,  except
pursuant  to an offer  conditioned  on a  substantial  number  of  Rights  being
acquired.  The Rights  should not  interfere  with any merger or other  business
combination  approved by the Board of Directors since the Rights may be redeemed
by the Company at the Redemption Price prior to the occurrence of a Distribution
Date.

                  The Rights Agreement,  dated as of April 18, 1997, between the
Company and the Rights Agent,  specifying  the terms of the Rights,  is attached
hereto as an exhibit and is  incorporated  herein by  reference.  The  foregoing
description  of the Rights is  qualified  in its  entirety by  reference to such
exhibit.  The Certificate of Designation  for the Series A Junior  Participating
Preferred Stock is attached hereto as an exhibit.  The foregoing  description of
the Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred Stock is qualified in its entirety
by reference to such exhibit.


Item 7.   Exhibits.


         3.5      Certificate   of   Designation   for  the   Series   A  Junior
                  Participating  Preferred  Stock,  as filed  with the  Delaware
                  Secretary of State on April 24, 1997.

         4.8      Form of Rights Agreement,  dated as of April 18, 1997, between
                  the Company and Harris Trust and Savings Bank,  which includes
                  the form of Certificate of Designation for the Series A Junior
                  Participating  Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the form of Right
                  Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase
                  Preferred   Shares  as  Exhibit  C.  Pursuant  to  the  Rights
                  Agreement, printed Right Certificates will not be mailed until
                  as soon as  practicable  after the earlier of the tenth (10th)
                  business day after public  announcement that a person or group
                  has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the Common
                  Shares or the tenth (10th) business day (or such later date as
                  may be determined by action of the Board of Directors) after a
                  person  commences,  or announces its intention to commence,  a
                  tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would
                  result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15%
                  or more of the Common Shares.



                                       4.
<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                                                     SANDISK CORPORATION



DATE:  April 28, 1997                     By:  /s/ Cindy Burgdorf
                                               -----------------------
                                               Name:   Cindy Burgdorf
                                               Title:  Chief Financial Officer




<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit
Number                              Document Description

     3.5          Certificate   of   Designation   for  the   Series   A  Junior
                  Participating  Preferred  Stock,  as filed  with the  Delaware
                  Secretary of State on April 24, 1997.

     4.8          Form of Rights Agreement,  dated as of April 18, 1997, between
                  the Company and Harris Trust and Savings Bank,  which includes
                  the form of Certificate of Designation for the Series A Junior
                  Participating  Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the form of Right
                  Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase
                  Preferred   Shares  as  Exhibit  C.  Pursuant  to  the  Rights
                  Agreement, printed Right Certificates will not be mailed until
                  as soon as  practicable  after the earlier of the tenth (10th)
                  business day after public  announcement that a person or group
                  has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the Common
                  Shares or the tenth (10th) business day (or such later date as
                  may be determined by action of the Board of Directors) after a
                  person  commences,  or announces its intention to commence,  a
                  tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would
                  result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15%
                  or more of the Common Shares.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.5
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
<TEXT>



                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

                                       of

                  SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

                                       of

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                         (Pursuant to Section 151 of the
                        Delaware General Corporation Law)

                       ----------------------------------


                  SanDisk  Corporation,  a  corporation  organized  and existing
under the General  Corporation Law of the State of Delaware  (hereinafter called
the "Corporation"),  hereby certifies that the following  resolution was adopted
by the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  as required by Section 151 of the
General Corporation Law at a meeting duly called and held on April 18, 1997;

                  RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested
in the Board of Directors of the Corporation  (hereinafter  called the "Board of
Directors" or the "Board") in accordance  with the provisions of the Certificate
of  Incorporation,  the Board of Directors  hereby creates a series of Preferred
Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of the Corporation and
hereby  states the  designation  and number of  shares,  and fixes the  relative
rights, preferences, and limitations thereof as follows:

                  Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

                  Section 1.  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be  designated  as "Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock" (the
"Series A Preferred  Stock") and the number of shares  constituting the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be Four Hundred Thousand (400,000).  Such number of shares
may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided,
that no decrease  shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock
to a number less than the number of shares then  outstanding  plus the number of
shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or
warrants or upon the  conversion  of any  outstanding  securities  issued by the
Corporation convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>


                  Section 2.  Dividends and Distributions.

                  (A)  Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any
         series of  Preferred  Stock (or any similar  stock)  ranking  prior and
         superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock,  in  preference  to the
         holders of the Common  Stock,  par value  $.001 per share (the  "Common
         Stock"),  of the Corporation,  and of any other junior stock,  shall be
         entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors
         out of funds  legally  available for the purpose,  quarterly  dividends
         payable in cash on the first day of March, June, September and December
         in each year (each such date being  referred to herein as a  "Quarterly
         Dividend  Payment Date"),  commencing on the first  Quarterly  Dividend
         Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share
         of Series A  Preferred  Stock,  in an amount per share  (rounded to the
         nearest  cent)  equal  to,  subject  to the  provision  for  adjustment
         hereinafter set forth,  100 times the aggregate per share amount of all
         cash  dividends,  and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable
         in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a
         dividend  payable  in shares of Common  Stock or a  subdivision  of the
         outstanding shares of Common Stock (by  reclassification or otherwise),
         declared on the Common Stock since the immediately  preceding Quarterly
         Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly  Dividend
         Payment  Date,  since the first  issuance of any share or fraction of a
         share of Series A Preferred  Stock. In the event the Corporation  shall
         at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock  payable in
         shares of Common  Stock,  or effect a  subdivision  or  combination  or
         consolidation   of  the   outstanding   shares  of  Common   Stock  (by
         reclassification  or otherwise  than by payment of a dividend in shares
         of Common  Stock)  into a greater or lesser  number of shares of Common
         Stock,  then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock were entitled  immediately prior to such event
         under  clause  (b) of the  preceding  sentence  shall  be  adjusted  by
         multiplying  such amount by a fraction,  the  numerator of which is the
         number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after such
         event and the  denominator  of which is the  number of shares of Common
         Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (B) The  Corporation  shall declare a dividend or distribution
         on the Series A Preferred  Stock as provided in  paragraph  (A) of this
         Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the
         Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock).

                  (C)  Dividends  shall  begin to accrue  and be  cumulative  on
         outstanding  shares  of Series A  Preferred  Stock  from the  Quarterly
         Dividend  Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares,
         unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for
         the first Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, in which case dividends on
         such  shares  shall  begin  to  accrue  from  the date of issue of such
         shares,  or unless the date of issue is a  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment
         Date or is a date  after  the  record  date  for the  determination  of
         holders of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock  entitled  to receive a
         quarterly  dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
         either of which


                                       2.
<PAGE>


         events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such
         Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not
         bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
         in an amount less than the total  amount of such  dividends at the time
         accrued  and payable on such shares  shall be  allocated  pro rata on a
         share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The
         Board of  Directors  may fix a record  date  for the  determination  of
         holders  of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock  entitled  to  receive
         payment of a dividend or distribution  declared  thereon,  which record
         date  shall be not more  than 60 days  prior to the date  fixed for the
         payment thereof.

                  Section 3.  Voting  Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

                  (A) Subject to the provision for  adjustment  hereinafter  set
         forth,  each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder
         thereof  to  100  votes  on all  matters  submitted  to a  vote  of the
         stockholders of the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at
         any time  declare or pay any  dividend on the Common  Stock  payable in
         shares of Common  Stock,  or effect a  subdivision  or  combination  or
         consolidation   of  the   outstanding   shares  of  Common   Stock  (by
         reclassification  or otherwise  than by payment of a dividend in shares
         of Common  Stock)  into a greater or lesser  number of shares of Common
         Stock,  then in each such  case the  number of votes per share to which
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
         prior to such event shall be adjusted by  multiplying  such number by a
         fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the  number  of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding  immediately after such event and the denominator of
         which is the  number of shares of Common  Stock  that were  outstanding
         immediately prior to such event.

                  (B)  Except  as  otherwise   provided  herein,  in  any  other
         Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any
         similar  stock,  or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
         Stock and the holders of shares of Common  Stock and any other  capital
         stock of the  Corporation  having  general  voting  rights  shall  vote
         together  as  one  class  on  all  matters   submitted  to  a  vote  of
         stockholders of the Corporation.

                  (C) Except as set forth  herein,  or as otherwise  provided by
         law,  holders of Series A Preferred  Stock shall have no special voting
         rights and their  consent  shall not be required  (except to the extent
         they are  entitled  to vote with  holders of Common  Stock as set forth
         herein) for taking any corporate action.

                  Section 4.  Certain Restrictions.

                  (A)  Whenever  quarterly   dividends  or  other  dividends  or
         distributions  payable on the Series A  Preferred  Stock as provided in
         Section 2 are in arrears,  thereafter  and until all accrued and unpaid
         dividends  and  distributions,  whether or not  declared,  on 

                                       3.
<PAGE>


         shares of Series A Preferred Stock  outstanding shall have been paid in
         full, the Corporation shall not:

                        (i)  declare  or  pay  dividends,   or  make  any  other
                  distributions,  on any shares of stock ranking  junior (either
                  as to dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding
                  up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

                       (ii)  declare  or  pay  dividends,   or  make  any  other
                  distributions,  on any  shares  of stock  ranking  on a parity
                  (either as to dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or
                  winding  up)  with  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock,   except
                  dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all
                  such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears
                  in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all
                  such shares are then entitled;

                      (iii)  redeem  or  purchase  or   otherwise   acquire  for
                  consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to
                  dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution or winding up) to
                  the Series A Preferred  Stock,  provided that the  Corporation
                  may at any time redeem,  purchase or otherwise  acquire shares
                  of any such junior  stock in exchange  for shares of any stock
                  of the  Corporation  ranking junior (either as to dividends or
                  upon  dissolution,  liquidation or winding up) to the Series A
                  Preferred Stock; or

                       (iv)  redeem  or  purchase  or   otherwise   acquire  for
                  consideration  any shares of Series A Preferred  Stock, or any
                  shares  of  stock  ranking  on a  parity  with  the  Series  A
                  Preferred  Stock,  except in accordance  with a purchase offer
                  made in writing or by publication  (as determined by the Board
                  of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as
                  the Board of Directors,  after consideration of the respective
                  annual   dividend   rates  and  other   relative   rights  and
                  preferences  of  the  respective  series  and  classes,  shall
                  determine  in good  faith  will  result in fair and  equitable
                  treatment among the respective series or classes.

                  (B) The  Corporation  shall not permit any  subsidiary  of the
         Corporation  to purchase or  otherwise  acquire for  consideration  any
         shares of stock of the Corporation  unless the Corporation could, under
         paragraph  (A) of this Section 4,  purchase or  otherwise  acquire such
         shares at such time and in such manner.

                  Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock  purchased  or  otherwise  acquired  by  the  Corporation  in  any  manner
whatsoever  shall be  retired  and  cancelled  promptly  after  the  acquisition
thereof.  All such shares shall upon their  cancellation  become  authorized but
unissued  shares of Preferred  Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred  Stock subject to the conditions and  restrictions  on issuance set
forth herein, in the Certificate of  Incorporation,  or in any other Certificate
of Designations  creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as
otherwise required by law.

                                       4.
<PAGE>


                  Section 6.  Liquidation,  Dissolution  or Winding Up. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall
be made (1) to the  holders  of shares of stock  ranking  junior  (either  as to
dividends  or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up) to the  Series A
Preferred  Stock  unless,  prior  thereto,  the  holders  of  shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock shall have  received  $100 per share,  plus an amount  equal to
accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared,
to the date of such  payment,  provided  that the  holders of shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock  shall be entitled  to receive an  aggregate  amount per share,
subject to the  provision for  adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,  equal to 100
times the aggregate  amount to be distributed  per share to holders of shares of
Common  Stock,  or (2) to the  holders  of shares of stock  ranking  on a parity
(either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the
Series A Preferred  Stock,  except  distributions  made  ratably on the Series A
Preferred  Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to
which the  holders  of all such  shares  are  entitled  upon  such  liquidation,
dissolution  or  winding  up.  In the event  the  Corporation  shall at any time
declare  or pay any  dividend  on the Common  Stock  payable in shares of Common
Stock,  or  effect  a  subdivision  or  combination  or   consolidation  of  the
outstanding  shares of Common Stock (by  reclassification  or otherwise  than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number
of shares of Common Stock,  then in each such case the aggregate amount to which
holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to
such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the  preceding  sentence  shall be
adjusted by multiplying  such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately  after such event and
the  denominator  of which is the  number of shares  of Common  Stock  that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation
shall enter into any consolidation,  merger, combination or other transaction in
which the shares of Common Stock are  exchanged  for or changed into other stock
or securities,  cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share
of Series A Preferred  Stock shall at the same time be  similarly  exchanged  or
changed  into an amount  per  share,  subject to the  provision  for  adjustment
hereinafter  set  forth,  equal to 100  times  the  aggregate  amount  of stock,
securities,  cash and/or any other property  (payable in kind),  as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or  exchanged.
In the event the  Corporation  shall at any time  declare or pay any dividend on
the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock,  or effect a subdivision  or
combination  or  consolidation  of the  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock (by
reclassification  or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common
Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common  Stock,  then in each
such case the amount set forth in the  preceding  sentence  with  respect to the
exchange  or change of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock shall be adjusted by
multiplying  such amount by a fraction,  the numerator of which is the number of
shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after  such  event  and the
denominator  of  which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  that  were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  Section 8. No  Redemption.  The  shares of Series A  Preferred
Stock shall not be redeemable.


                                       5.
<PAGE>


                  Section 9. Rank. The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank, with
respect to the payment of dividends and the  distribution  of assets,  junior to
all series of any other class of the Corporation's Preferred Stock.

                  Section 10. Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation  shall not be amended in any manner which would  materially alter or
change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock
so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding  shares of Series A Preferred Stock,  voting
together as a single class.


                  IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Certificate  of  Designations  is
executed on behalf of the  Corporation  by its Chief  Financial  Officer and its
corporate seal attested by its Assistant Secretary this 18th day of April, 1997.

                                                
                                                       -----------------------
                                                Name:  Cindy Burgdorf
                                                Title: Chief Financial Officer



Attest:


Thomas W. Kellerman
Assistant Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.8
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>











                               SANDISK CORPORATION




                                       and




                          HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK




                                  Rights Agent




                                Rights Agreement

                           Dated as of April 18, 1997









<PAGE>





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                               Page

<S>               <C>                                                                                           <C>

Section 1.        Certain Definitions...........................................................................  1

Section 2.        Appointment of Rights Agent...................................................................  5

Section 3.        Issue of Right Certificates...................................................................  6

Section 4.        Form of Right Certificates....................................................................  7

Section 5.        Countersignature and Registration.............................................................  8

Section 6.        Transfer,  Split-Up,   Combination  and  Exchange  of  Right  Certificates;   Mutilated,
                  Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates..................................................  8

Section 7.        Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights.................................  9

Section 8.        Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates............................................ 10

Section 9.        Availability of Preferred Shares.............................................................. 10

Section 10.       Preferred Shares Record Date.................................................................. 12

Section 11.       Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or Number of Rights............................ 12

Section 12.       Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares.................................... 20

Section 13.       Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power.......................... 21

Section 14.       Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares....................................................... 22

Section 15.       Rights of Action.............................................................................. 24

Section 16.       Agreement of Right Holders.................................................................... 24

Section 17.       Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder............................................. 25

Section 18.       Concerning the Rights Agent................................................................... 25

Section 19.       Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent..................................... 25

Section 20.       Duties of Rights Agent........................................................................ 26

Section 21.       Change of Rights Agent........................................................................ 28

Section 22.       Issuance of New Right Certificates............................................................ 29

Section 23.       Redemption.................................................................................... 30

Section 24.       Exchange...................................................................................... 31

Section 25.       Notice of Certain Events...................................................................... 33

Section 26.       Notices....................................................................................... 33

Section 27.       Supplements and Amendments.................................................................... 34

Section 28.       Successors.................................................................................... 35

Section 29.       Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors.......................................... 35

Section 30.       Benefits of this Agreement.................................................................... 35

Section 31.       Severability.................................................................................. 35

Section 32.       Governing Law................................................................................. 36

Section 33.       Counterparts.................................................................................. 36

Section 34.       Descriptive Headings.......................................................................... 36

Exhibit A -       Form of Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating
                  Preferred Stock of SanDisk Corporation

Exhibit B -       Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit C -       Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares
</TABLE>




<PAGE>







                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT


                  Rights Agreement,  dated as of April 18, 1997, between SanDisk
Corporation,  a Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and  Harris  Trust and
Savings Bank, a national banking association (the "Rights Agent").

                  The Board of  Directors  of the  Company  has  authorized  and
declared a dividend of one preferred  share  purchase right (a "Right") for each
Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding as of the Close
of Business (as hereinafter defined) on April 28, 1997 (the "Record Date"), each
Right  representing the right to purchase one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share
(as hereinafter defined) upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set
forth,  and has further  authorized  and directed the issuance of one Right with
respect to each Common  Share that shall become  outstanding  between the Record
Date and the earliest of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the Final
Expiration Date (as such terms are hereinafter defined).

                  Accordingly,  in  consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

                  Section 1.  Certain  Definitions1.  Certain  Definitions.  For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

                  (a) "Acquiring  Person" shall mean any Person (as such term is
hereinafter  defined) who or which,  together with all Affiliates and Associates
(as such terms are hereinafter  defined) of such Person, shall be the Beneficial
Owner (as such term is hereinafter  defined) of 15% or more of the Common Shares
of the Company  then  outstanding,  but shall not include (1) the  Company,  any
Subsidiary  (as such term is hereinafter  defined) of the Company,  any employee
benefit  plan of the Company or any  Subsidiary  of the  Company,  or any entity
holding  Common  Shares for or  pursuant  to the terms of any such plan,  or (2)
Seagate Technology,  Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Permitted Investor"), or
any of its Affiliates or Associates  (collectively with the Permitted  Investor,
the "Investor Group") to the extent that the members of the Investor Group shall
beneficially  own in the  aggregate up to, but not  exceeding,  25% of the Total
Combined  Voting Power (as such term is defined in the Series F Preferred  Stock
Purchase  Agreement dated January 15, 1993 between the Company and the Permitted
Investor (the "Seagate  Agreement"))  of the Voting  Securities (as such term is
defined  in  the  Seagate  Agreement)  then  outstanding  in  a  manner  not  in
contravention  of  the  terms  of the  Seagate  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing:

                        (i)  The  exception  set  forth  in  clause  (2) of this
         paragraph (a) shall not apply to any  acquisition by the members of the
         Investor Group of Voting Securities if such acquisition shall cause the
         Investor Group to become the  Beneficial  Owner of more than 25% of the
         Total Combined Voting Power of the Voting  Securities in the aggregate,
         except as provided below;

                                       1.
<PAGE>


                       (ii) no Person shall become an "Acquiring  Person" as the
         result of an  acquisition  of Common  Shares by the Company  which,  by
         reducing the number of shares outstanding,  increases the proportionate
         number of shares  beneficially  owned by such  Person to 15% or more of
         the Common Shares of the Company then  outstanding  (or, in the case of
         the Investor Group, more than 25% of the Total Combined Voting Power of
         the Voting Securities then outstanding);  provided,  however, that if a
         Person shall become the  Beneficial  Owner of 15% or more of the Common
         Shares of the Company then outstanding (or, in the case of the Investor
         Group,  more than 25% of the Total Combined  Voting Power of the Voting
         Securities  then  outstanding)  by  reason  of share  purchases  by the
         Company and shall,  after such share  purchases by the Company,  become
         the  Beneficial  Owner of any  additional  Common Shares of the Company
         (or,  in the case of the  members  of the  Investor  Group,  become the
         Beneficial Owner of any additional Voting Securities), then such Person
         shall  be  deemed  to be an  "Acquiring  Person".  Notwithstanding  any
         provision  to the  contrary in this  Agreement,  (A) the members of the
         Investor Group may increase their beneficial ownership in excess of 25%
         of the Total  Combined  Voting  Power of the Voting  Securities  in the
         aggregate if and to the extent that such  increase has been approved by
         a majority of the  Continuing  Directors,  in which case the members of
         the Investor Group shall not be deemed an "Acquiring Person" hereunder,
         and (B) no  amendment  shall  be made to this  definition  without  the
         consent of the Permitted Investor if the effect of such amendment would
         be to reduce the aggregate  percentage  ownership of the Total Combined
         Voting Power of the Voting  Securities that the Investor Group would be
         permitted  to  beneficially  own at any time  without  being  deemed an
         "Acquiring Person" hereunder;

                      (iii) if the Board of Directors of the Company  determines
         (upon approval by a majority of the Continuing  Directors (as such term
         is  hereinafter  defined))  in  good  faith  that a  Person  who  would
         otherwise be an Acquiring  Person, as defined pursuant to the foregoing
         provisions  of this  paragraph  (a), is eligible to file and did file a
         Schedule  13G,  and such Person  divests as promptly as  practicable  a
         sufficient  number of Common Shares so that such Person would no longer
         be an Acquiring Person, as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions
         of this  paragraph  (a),  then such Person shall not be deemed to be an
         "Acquiring Person" for any purpose of this Agreement; and

                       (iv) no Person shall become an "Acquiring  Person" if the
         transaction  or series of related  transactions  in which  such  Person
         (together  with all Affiliates or Associates of such Person) became the
         Beneficial  Owner of 15% or more of the  Common  Shares of the  Company
         then  outstanding  had  received  prior  approval  of a majority of the
         Continuing  Directors;  provided,  that in the event a Person is not an
         Acquiring  Person by reason of this clause (iii) of this Section  1(a),
         such Person shall  become an Acquiring  Person in the event such Person
         thereafter  acquires  Beneficial  Ownership  of any  additional  Common
         Shares,  unless such acquisition of such additional Common Shares would
         not result in such Person becoming an Acquiring Person by reason by any
         provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, this clause
         (iii) of this Section 1(a).

                  (b)  "Affiliate"  and  "Associate"  shall have the  respective
meanings  ascribed  to 

                                       2.
<PAGE>



such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange
Act (as such term is hereinafter defined).

                  (c) A Person  shall be deemed  the  "Beneficial  Owner" of and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own" any securities:

                       (i) which such Person or any of such Person's  Affiliates
         or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;

                       (ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
         or  Associates  has (A) the right to  acquire  (whether  such  right is
         exercisable  immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to
         any  agreement,  arrangement  or  understanding  (other than  customary
         agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with
         respect to a bona fide  public  offering  of  securities),  or upon the
         exercise of conversion rights,  exchange rights, rights (other than the
         Rights),  warrants or options, or otherwise;  provided,  however that a
         Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial  Owner of, or to beneficially
         own, (1)  securities  tendered  pursuant to a tender or exchange  offer
         made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's  Affiliates
         or Associates until such tendered  securities are accepted for purchase
         or exchange or (2) securities which a Person or any Person's Affiliates
         or  Associates  may be deemed to have the right to acquire  pursuant to
         any merger or other acquisition  agreement between the Company and such
         Person (or one or more of such Person's  Affiliates or  Associates)  if
         such  agreement  has been  approved  by the Board of  Directors  of the
         Company,  upon the  affirmative  vote of a majority  of the  Continuing
         Directors,  prior to there being an Acquiring  Person; or (B) the right
         to  vote  pursuant  to any  agreement,  arrangement  or  understanding;
         provided,  however,  that a Person  shall not be deemed the  Beneficial
         Owner  of, or to  beneficially  own,  any  security  if the  agreement,
         arrangement  or  understanding  to vote such security (1) arises solely
         from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a
         public  proxy  or  consent   solicitation  made  pursuant  to,  and  in
         accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under
         the  Exchange Act and (2) is not also then  reportable  on Schedule 13D
         under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report); or

                      (iii)   which  are   beneficially   owned,   directly   or
         indirectly,  by any other  Person with which such Person or any of such
         Person's  Affiliates or Associates  has any  agreement,  arrangement or
         understanding   (other  than  customary  agreements  with  and  between
         underwriters  and selling  group  members  with  respect to a bona fide
         public offering of securities)  for the purpose of acquiring,  holding,
         voting  (except to the extent  contemplated  by the  proviso to Section
         1(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of any securities of the Company.

                  Notwithstanding  anything  in this  definition  of  Beneficial
Ownership  to the  contrary,  the  phrase  "then  outstanding,"  when  used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company, shall
mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the
number of such securities not then actually  issued and  outstanding  which such

                                       3.
<PAGE>



Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder.

                  (d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California or the
state  in which  the  principal  office  of the  Rights  Agent  is  located  are
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

                  (e)  "Company"  shall have the  meaning set forth in the first
paragraph at the beginning of this Agreement.

                  (f)  "Close of  Business"  on any given  date  shall mean 5:00
P.M., San Francisco,  California time, on such date; provided,  however, that if
such  date is not a  Business  Day it  shall  mean  5:00  P.M.,  San  Francisco,
California time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

                  (g) "Common  Shares"  when used with  reference to the Company
shall mean the shares of common stock, $.001 par value, of the Company.  "Common
Shares" when used with reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean
the capital stock (or other equity  interest) with the greatest  voting power of
such other Person or, if such other Person is a  Subsidiary  of another  Person,
the Person or Persons which ultimately control such first-mentioned Person.

                  (h)  "common  stock  equivalents"  shall have the  meaning set
forth in Section 11(a)(iv) hereof.

                  (i)  "Continuing  Director" shall mean (i) any person who is a
member of the Board of Directors  of the Company,  while such person is a member
of the Board of Directors,  who is not an Acquiring  Person,  or an Affiliate or
Associate of an Acquiring  Person,  or a representative or agent of an Acquiring
Person or of any such Affiliate or Associate,  and who was a member of the Board
of  Directors  prior  to the date of this  Agreement,  or (ii)  any  person  who
subsequently  becomes a member of the Board of  Directors  and who,  while  such
person is a member of the Board of Directors,  is not an Acquiring  Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring  Person,  or a representative or agent of
an Acquiring  Person or of any such  Affiliate or  Associate,  if such  Person's
nomination  for election or such Person's  election to the Board of Directors is
recommended  or approved by a majority of the  Continuing  Directors then on the
Board of Directors.

                  (j) "current  per share  market  price" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 11(d)(i) hereof.

                  (k)  "Current  Value" shall have the  respective  meanings set
forth in Section 11(a)(iv) hereof and Section 24 hereof.

                  (l)  "Distribution  Date"  shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

                  (m) "equivalent  preferred  shares" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 11(b) hereof.


                                       4.
<PAGE>



                  (n) "Exchange Act" shall mean the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

                  (o)  "Exchange  Ratio"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
Section 24 hereof.

                  (p) "Final  Expiration  Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7 hereof.

                  (q)  "issuer"  shall have the  meaning set forth in Section 13
hereof.

                  (r) "Person" shall mean any individual,  firm,  corporation or
other  entity,  and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such
entity.

                  (s)  "Preferred  Shares"  shall mean shares of Series A Junior
Participating  Preferred  Shares,  $0.001 par value,  of the Company  having the
rights and  preferences  set forth in the Form of  Certificate  of  Designations
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

                  (t)  "Purchase  Price"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in
Section 4 hereof.

                  (u)  "Record  Date"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in the
second paragraph at the beginning of this Agreement.

                  (v)  "Redemption  Date"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
Section 7 hereof.

                  (w)  "Redemption  Price"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
Section 23 hereof.

                  (x)  "Right"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in the second
paragraph at the beginning of this Agreement.

                  (y) "Right  Certificate"  shall have the  meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

                  (z)  "Rights  Agent"  shall have the  meaning set forth in the
first paragraph at the beginning of this Agreement.

                  (aa)  "Securities  Act"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in
Section 9 hereof.

                  (bb)  "Security"  shall have the  meaning set forth in Section
11(d)(i) hereof.

                  (cc)  "Shares  Acquisition  Date" shall mean the first date of
public  announcement  (which,  for purposes of this  definition,  shall include,
without  limitation,  a report filed  pursuant to Section  13(d) of the Exchange
Act) by the Company or an Acquiring  Person that an Acquiring  Person has become
such.

                  (dd)  "Spread"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in Section
11(a)(iv) hereof.

                                       5.
<PAGE>


                  (ee)  "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean any corporation or
other  entity of which a  majority  of the  voting  power of the  voting  equity
securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

                  (ff) "Substitution Period" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(a)(iv) hereof.

                  (gg)  "Summary of Rights"  shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

                  (hh) "Trading Day" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(d)(i) hereof.

                  Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent2. Appointment of Rights
Agent.  The Company  hereby  appoints  the Rights  Agent to act as agent for the
Company in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent
hereby accepts such appointment.  The Company may from time to time appoint such
co-Rights Agents as it may deem necessary or desirable.

                  Section  3.  Issue  of  Right  Certificates3.  Issue  of Right
Certificates.  (a) Until  the  earlier  of (i) the  tenth  day after the  Shares
Acquisition  Date or (ii) the tenth  business  day (or such later date as may be
determined by action of the Board of Directors  (upon  approval by a majority of
the Continuing  Directors) prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person)  after  the  date of the  commencement  by any  Person  (other  than the
Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company
or of any  Subsidiary of the Company or any entity  holding Common Shares for or
pursuant to the terms of any such plan) of, or of the first public  announcement
of the  intention of any Person (other than the Company,  any  Subsidiary of the
Company,  any employee  benefit plan of the Company or of any  Subsidiary of the
Company or any entity  holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any
such plan) to commence,  a tender or exchange  offer the  consummation  of which
would  result in any  Person  becoming  the  Beneficial  Owner of Common  Shares
aggregating  15% or more of the then  outstanding  Common Shares  (including any
such date which is after the date of this Agreement and prior to the issuance of
the  Rights;  the  earlier  of  such  dates  being  herein  referred  to as  the
"Distribution  Date"),  (x)  the  Rights  will  be  evidenced  (subject  to  the
provisions  of Section  3(b)  hereof)  by the  certificates  for  Common  Shares
registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also be
deemed to be Right Certificates) and not by separate Right Certificates, and (y)
the right to receive Right  Certificates will be transferable only in connection
with  the  transfer  of  Common  Shares.   As  soon  as  practicable  after  the
Distribution  Date,  the Company  will notify the Rights  Agent  thereof and the
Company  will prepare and execute,  the Rights Agent will  countersign,  and the
Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will,  if requested,
send) by first-class,  insured,  postage-prepaid  mail, to each record holder of
Common  Shares as of the Close of  Business  on the  Distribution  Date,  at the
address of such holder shown on the records of the Company, a Right Certificate,
in  substantially  the  form  of  Exhibit  B  hereto  (a  "Right  Certificate"),
evidencing one Right for each Common Share so held. As of the Distribution Date,
the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Right Certificates.

                  (b) On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable  thereafter,
the  Company  will

                                       6.
<PAGE>


send  a  copy  of  a  Summary  of  Rights  to  Purchase   Preferred  Shares,  in
substantially  the form of  Exhibit  C hereto  (the  "Summary  of  Rights"),  by
first-class,  postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common Shares as of
the Close of Business on the Record Date, at the address of such holder shown on
the records of the  Company.  With  respect to  certificates  for Common  Shares
outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution  Date, the Rights will
be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of the holders thereof
together  with a copy of the  Summary  of  Rights  attached  thereto.  Until the
Distribution Date (or the earlier of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration
Date),  the  surrender  for  transfer  of  any  certificate  for  Common  Shares
outstanding on the Record Date,  with or without a copy of the Summary of Rights
attached  thereto,  shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights  associated
with the Common Shares represented thereby.

                  (c)  Certificates  for Common Shares which become  outstanding
(including, without limitation, reacquired Common Shares referred to in the last
sentence of this  paragraph (c)) after the Record Date but prior to the earliest
of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date shall
have  impressed  on,  printed on,  written on or  otherwise  affixed to them the
following legend:

                  This  certificate  also  evidences  and  entitles  the
                  holder  hereof  to  certain  rights  as set forth in a
                  Rights  Agreement  between  SanDisk   Corporation  and
                  Harris Trust and Savings  Bank,  dated as of April 18,
                  1997 (the "Rights Agreement"),  the terms of which are
                  hereby  incorporated herein by reference and a copy of
                  which is on file at the principal executive offices of
                  SanDisk Corporation.  Under certain circumstances,  as
                  set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be
                  evidenced by separate  certificates and will no longer
                  be evidenced by this certificate.  SanDisk Corporation
                  will mail to the holder of this  certificate a copy of
                  the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a
                  written request therefor. Under certain circumstances,
                  as set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights issued to
                  any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined
                  in the Rights Agreement) may become null and void.

With respect to such  certificates  containing the foregoing  legend,  until the
Distribution  Date, the Rights associated with the Common Shares  represented by
such  certificates  shall  be  evidenced  by such  certificates  alone,  and the
surrender  for  transfer  of any such  certificate  shall  also  constitute  the
transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. In
the event that the Company  purchases  or acquires  any Common  Shares after the
Record Date but prior to the Distribution  Date, any Rights associated with such
Common  Shares shall be deemed  cancelled  and retired so that the Company shall
not be entitled to exercise any Rights  associated  with the Common Shares which
are no longer outstanding.

                  Section  4.  Form  of  Right  Certificates4.   Form  of  Right
Certificates.  The Right  Certificates  (and the forms of  election  to purchase
Preferred  Shares and of assignment to be printed on the reverse  thereof) shall
be  substantially  the same as  Exhibit  B hereto  and may  have  such  marks of
identification  or

                                   7.
<PAGE>


designation and such legends,  summaries or endorsements  printed thereon as the
Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent  with the provisions of
this Agreement,  or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with
any rule or regulation  made pursuant  thereto or with any rule or regulation of
any stock exchange or transaction  reporting system on which the Rights may from
time to time be listed,  or to conform to usage.  Subject to the  provisions  of
Section 22 hereof,  the Right  Certificates shall entitle the holders thereof to
purchase such number of one  one-hundredths of a Preferred Share as shall be set
forth therein at the price per one  one-hundredth of a Preferred Share set forth
therein (the "Purchase  Price"),  but the number of such one one-hundredths of a
Preferred  Share and the  Purchase  Price  shall be  subject  to  adjustment  as
provided herein.

                  Section 5. Countersignature and Registration5.Countersignature
and  Registration.  The Right  Certificates  shall be  executed on behalf of the
Company by its Chairman of the Board, its President, any of its Vice Presidents,
or its Treasurer or Chief  Financial  Officer,  either  manually or by facsimile
signature, shall have affixed thereto the Company's seal or a facsimile thereof,
and shall be attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company,
either  manually or by  facsimile  signature.  The Right  Certificates  shall be
manually  countersigned  by the  Rights  Agent  and  shall  not be valid for any
purpose unless countersigned.  In case any officer of the Company who shall have
signed  any of the Right  Certificates  shall  cease to be such  officer  of the
Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by
the Company, such Right Certificates,  nevertheless, may be countersigned by the
Rights  Agent and issued and  delivered  by the Company  with the same force and
effect as though the person who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to
be such  officer  of the  Company;  and any Right  Certificate  may be signed on
behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the  execution of
such Right  Certificate,  shall be a proper  officer of the Company to sign such
Right  Certificate,  although  at the  date  of the  execution  of  this  Rights
Agreement any such person was not such an officer.

                  Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or
cause  to be  kept,  at its  office  designated  for  such  purpose,  books  for
registration and transfer of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books
shall  show the names  and  addresses  of the  respective  holders  of the Right
Certificates,  the number of Rights  evidenced  on its face by each of the Right
Certificates and the date of each of the Right Certificates.

                  Section 6.  Transfer,  Split-Up,  Combination  and Exchange of
Right Certificates;  Mutilated,  Destroyed,  Lost or Stolen Right Certificates6.
Transfer, Split-Up,  Combination and Exchange of Right Certificates;  Mutilated,
Destroyed,  Lost or Stolen  Right  Certificates.  Subject to the  provisions  of
Section 14 hereof,  at any time after the Close of Business on the  Distribution
Date,  and at or prior to the Close of Business on the earlier of the Redemption
Date or the Final Expiration Date, any Right  Certificate or Right  Certificates
(other  than  Right  Certificates  representing  Rights  that have  become  void
pursuant to Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof or that have been  exchanged  pursuant to
Section 24 hereof)  may be  transferred,  split up,  combined or  exchanged  for
another Right Certificate or Right Certificates, entitling the registered holder
to purchase a like number of one  one-hundredths  of a Preferred Share (or other
securities  or  property)  as  the  Right  Certificate  or  Right   Certificates
surrendered  then  entitled  such  holder to  purchase.  Any  registered  holder
desiring to transfer,  split up,  combine or exchange any Right  Certificate  or
Right  Certificates  shall make such request in

                                       8.
<PAGE>


writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right Certificate
or Right Certificates to be transferred,  split up, combined or exchanged at the
office of the Rights Agent  designated  for such  purpose.  Thereupon the Rights
Agent  shall  countersign  and  deliver to the person  entitled  thereto a Right
Certificate  or Right  Certificates,  as the case may be, as so  requested.  The
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental
charge  that  may  be  imposed  in  connection  with  any  transfer,  split  up,
combination or exchange of Right Certificates.

                  Upon  receipt by the Company and the Rights  Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or
security  reasonably  satisfactory  to  them,  and,  at the  Company's  request,
reimbursement  to the Company and the Rights  Agent of all  reasonable  expenses
incidental  thereto,  and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of
the Right  Certificate  if  mutilated,  the Company  will make and deliver a new
Right  Certificate  of like  tenor  to the  Rights  Agent  for  delivery  to the
registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or
mutilated.

                  Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date
of Rights7.  Exercise of Rights;  Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights. (a)
Except  as  provided  in  Section  23(c),  the  registered  holder  of any Right
Certificate  may  exercise  the Rights  evidenced  thereby  (except as otherwise
provided  herein)  in whole or in part at any time after the  Distribution  Date
upon surrender of the Right  Certificate,  with the form of election to purchase
and certification on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent
at the office of the Rights Agent  designated  for such  purpose,  together with
payment of the Purchase Price for each one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share as
to which the Rights are exercised,  at or prior to the earliest of (i) the Close
of Business on April 28, 2007 (the "Final  Expiration  Date"),  (ii) the time at
which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof (the  "Redemption
Date"), (iii) the time at which such Rights are exchanged as provided in Section
24 hereof, or (iv) the consummation of any merger or other acquisition involving
the Company pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1(c)(ii)(A)(2) hereof.

                  (b)  The  Purchase  Price  for  each  one  one-hundredth  of a
Preferred  Share pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall  initially be $65.00,
shall be subject to adjustment  from time to time as provided in Sections 11 and
13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful  money of the United  States of America
in accordance with paragraph (c) below.

                  (c)  Upon   receipt  of  a  Right   Certificate   representing
exercisable  Rights,  with the  form of  election  to  purchase  duly  executed,
accompanied  by payment of the Purchase Price for the shares to be purchased and
an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the holder
of such Right  Certificate  in  accordance  with  Section 9 hereof by  certified
check,  cashier's check or money order payable to the order of the Company,  the
Rights  Agent shall  thereupon  promptly (i) (A)  requisition  from any transfer
agent of the Preferred Shares certificates for the number of Preferred Shares to
be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent to
comply  with all such  requests,  or (B)  requisition  from a  depositary  agent
properly appointed by the Company depositary  receipts  representing such number
of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share as are to be purchased (in which case
certificates  for the Preferred  Shares

                                       9.
<PAGE>


represented  by such receipts  shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the
depositary  agent) and the Company hereby directs the depositary agent to comply
with such  request,  (ii) when  appropriate,  requisition  from the  Company the
amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance
with Section 14 hereof,  (iii) after receipt of such  certificates or depositary
receipts,  cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered
holder of such  Right  Certificate,  registered  in such name or names as may be
designated by such holder and (iv) when appropriate, after receipt, deliver such
cash to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate.

                  (d) In case the  registered  holder of any  Right  Certificate
shall  exercise  less  than  all  the  Rights  evidenced  thereby,  a new  Right
Certificate  evidencing  Rights  equivalent to the Rights remaining  unexercised
shall be issued  by the  Rights  Agent to the  registered  holder of such  Right
Certificate  or to his duly  authorized  assigns,  subject to the  provisions of
Section 14 hereof.

                  (e) The Company  covenants and agrees that it will cause to be
reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued  Preferred Shares
or any  Preferred  Shares held in its treasury,  the number of Preferred  Shares
that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights
in accordance with this Section 7.

                  (f)   Notwithstanding   anything  in  this  Agreement  to  the
contrary,  neither  the  Rights  Agent nor the  Company  shall be  obligated  to
undertake any action with respect to a registered  holder upon the occurrence of
any  purported  exercise as set forth in this  Section 7 unless such  registered
holder shall have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form
of election to purchase set forth on the reverse  side of the Right  Certificate
surrendered for such exercise, and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the
identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former  Beneficial  Owner) or Affiliates or
Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

                  Section   8.    Cancellation    and   Destruction   of   Right
Certificates8.Cancellation  and  Destruction  of Right  Certificates.  All Right
Certificates  surrendered  for the  purpose  of  exercise,  transfer,  split up,
combination  or exchange  shall,  if surrendered to the Company or to any of its
agents,  be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in cancelled form,
or, if surrendered  to the Rights Agent,  shall be cancelled by it, and no Right
Certificates  shall be issued in lieu thereof  except as expressly  permitted by
any of the provisions of this Rights Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the
Rights  Agent for  cancellation  and  retirement,  and the Rights Agent shall so
cancel and retire,  any other  Right  Certificate  purchased  or acquired by the
Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights Agent shall deliver
all  cancelled  Right  Certificates  to the  Company,  or shall,  at the written
request of the Company,  destroy such cancelled Right Certificates,  and in such
case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

                  Section 9. Availability of Preferred Shares9.  Availability of
Preferred Shares. (a) The company covenants and agrees that it will use its best
efforts to cause to be reserved and kept  available  out of and to the extent of
its authorized and unissued  shares of Preferred  Stock not reserved for another
purpose  (and,  following  the  occurrence  of an  event  described  in  Section
11(a)(ii) or Section 13(a),  out of its

                                      10.
<PAGE>


authorized  and unissued  shares of Common Stock and/or other  securities),  the
number of Preferred  Shares (and,  following  the  occurrence of any such event,
Common Stock  and/or other  securities)  that will be  sufficient  to permit the
exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.

                  (b) If the Preferred  Shares (or,  following the occurrence of
an event  described in Section  11(a)(ii) or Section  13(a),  the Common  Shares
and/or  other  securities)  are at any  time  listed  on a  national  securities
exchange or included for quotation on any transaction  reporting system, then so
long as the Preferred  Shares (and,  following the occurrence of any such event,
Common Shares and/or other securities) issuable and deliverable upon exercise of
the Rights may be listed on such  exchange or included for quotation on any such
transaction  reporting system,  the Company shall use its best efforts to cause,
from and  after  such time as the  Rights  become  exercisable  (but only to the
extent that it is  reasonably  likely that the Rights  will be  exercised),  all
shares  reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange or included for
quotation  on any such  transaction  reporting  system upon  official  notice of
issuance upon such exercise.

                  (c) The  Company  shall use its best  efforts to (i) file,  as
soon as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of an
event described in Section  11(a)(ii) in which the consideration to be delivered
by the Company upon  exercise of the Rights has been  determined  in  accordance
with Section  11(a)(iv)  hereof,  or as soon as is required by law following the
Distribution  Date,  as the case  may be, a  registration  statement  under  the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities  Act"),  with respect to the
securities  purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, (ii)
cause such  registration  statement to become  effective as soon as  practicable
after  such  filing  and  (iii)  cause  such  registration  statement  to remain
effective  (with a  prospectus  at all times  meeting  the  requirements  of the
Securities  Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no
longer  exercisable  for such  securities  or (B) the date of  expiration of the
Rights. The Company may temporarily  suspend,  for a period not to exceed ninety
(90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first  sentence  of this
Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and file such
registration  statement  and  permit  it to  become  effective.  Upon  any  such
suspension,  the Company shall issue a public announcement  stating,  and notify
the Rights Agent,  that the  exercisability  of the Rights has been  temporarily
suspended, as well as a public announcement and notification to the Rights Agent
at such time as the  suspension  is no longer in effect.  The Company  will also
take such action as may be appropriate  under, or to ensure compliance with, the
securities  or "blue  sky" laws of the  various  states in  connection  with the
exercisability of the Rights. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary,  the Rights shall not be exercisable in any  jurisdiction,  unless
the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall have been obtained, or an
exemption  therefrom  shall be available and until a registration  statement has
been declared effective.

                  (d) The  Company  covenants  and agrees  that it will take all
such action as may be necessary to ensure that all  Preferred  Shares  delivered
upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the  certificates  for
such Preferred  Shares (subject to payment of the Purchase  Price),  be duly and
validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.

                  (e) The Company further  covenants and agrees that it will pay
when due and

                                      11.
<PAGE>


payable any and all federal and state  transfer  taxes and charges  which may be
payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right  Certificates  or of
any  Preferred  Shares  upon the  exercise  of Rights.  The  Company  shall not,
however,  be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer or delivery of Right  Certificates  to a person other than,  or the
issuance or delivery of  certificates  or depositary  receipts for the Preferred
Shares  in a name  other  than  that of,  the  registered  holder  of the  Right
Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to deliver
any  certificates or depositary  receipts for Preferred Shares upon the exercise
of any  Rights  until  any such tax  shall  have  been  paid (any such tax being
payable by the holder of such Right  Certificate  at the time of  surrender)  or
until it has been established to the Company's  reasonable  satisfaction that no
such tax is due.

                  Section 10. Preferred  Shares Record Date10.  Preferred Shares
Record Date. Each person in whose name any  certificate for Preferred  Shares is
issued  upon the  exercise  of Rights  shall for all  purposes be deemed to have
become the holder of record of the Preferred Shares represented  thereby on, and
such  certificate  shall be  dated,  the date upon  which the Right  Certificate
evidencing  such Rights was duly  surrendered  and payment of the Purchase Price
(and any applicable  transfer taxes) was made;  provided,  however,  that if the
date of such  surrender  and payment is a date upon which the  Preferred  Shares
transfer  books of the Company are closed,  such person  shall be deemed to have
become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated,
the next succeeding Business Day on which the Preferred Shares transfer books of
the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the
holder of a Right Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of
Preferred Shares for which the Rights shall be exercisable,  including,  without
limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends or other distributions or to
exercise any preemptive  rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice
of any proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein.

                  Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price,  Number of Shares or
Number of Rights11.  Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or Number of
Rights. The Purchase Price, the number of Preferred Shares covered by each Right
and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time
as provided in this Section 11.

                  (a) (i) In the event the  Company  shall at any time after the
date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares payable in
Preferred Shares,  (B) subdivide the outstanding  Preferred Shares,  (C) combine
the outstanding  Preferred  Shares into a smaller number of Preferred  Shares or
(D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred
Shares (including any such  reclassification  in connection with a consolidation
or merger in which the  Company is the  continuing  or  surviving  corporation),
except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase Price in effect
at the time of the record  date for such  dividend or of the  effective  date of
such subdivision,  combination or  reclassification,  and the number and kind of
shares of capital stock issuable on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted
so that the holder of any Right  exercised  after such time shall be entitled to
receive the aggregate  number and kind of shares of capital stock which, if such
Right had been exercised  immediately  prior to such date and at a time when the
Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company were open, such holder would have
owned  upon  such  exercise  and been  entitled  to  receive  by  virtue of such
dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification;  provided, however, that
in no event

                                      12.
<PAGE>


shall the  consideration  to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than
the aggregate  par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company  issuable
upon exercise of one Right. If an event occurs which would require an adjustment
under both Section 11(a)(i) and Section 11(a)(ii),  the adjustment  provided for
in this Section 11(a)(i) shall be in addition to, and shall be made prior to any
adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii).

                       (ii)  Subject  to Section  24 of this  Agreement,  in the
event that any Person becomes an Acquiring Person,  each holder of a Right shall
thereafter  have a right to receive,  upon exercise  thereof at a price equal to
the then current Purchase Price  multiplied by the number of one  one-hundredths
of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then  exercisable,  in accordance with
the terms of this  Agreement  and in lieu of  Preferred  Shares,  such number of
Common Shares of the Company as shall equal the result  obtained by dividing (x)
the product  obtained by  multiplying  the then  current  Purchase  Price by the
number  of one  one-hundredths  of a  Preferred  Share for which a Right is then
exercisable,  by (y) 50% of the  then  current  per  share  market  price of the
Company's  Common  Shares  (determined  pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the
date of the occurrence of such event.  Except as provided in Section  23(c),  in
the event that any Person shall become an Acquiring  Person and the Rights shall
then be outstanding, the Company shall not take any action which would eliminate
or diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

                  Notwithstanding  anything in this  Agreement to the  contrary,
from and after the first occurrence of an event in which any Person shall become
an Acquiring Person, any Rights beneficially owned by (A) an Acquiring Person or
an  Associate  or Affiliate  of an  Acquiring  Person,  (B) a  transferee  of an
Acquiring  Person  (or of  any  such  Associate  or  Affiliate)  who  becomes  a
transferee  after the Acquiring  Person  becomes such, or (C) a transferee of an
Acquiring  Person  (or of  any  such  Associate  or  Affiliate)  who  becomes  a
transferee prior to or concurrently  with the Acquiring Person becoming such and
receives  such  Rights  pursuant  to either (1) a transfer  (whether  or not for
consideration)  from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such
Acquiring  Person  or to any  Person  with  whom the  Acquiring  Person  has any
continuing  agreement,  arrangement or  understanding  regarding the transferred
Rights or (2) a  transfer  which  the Board of  Directors,  upon  approval  by a
majority  of the  Continuing  Directors,  has  determined  is  part  of a  plan,
arrangement  or  understanding  which has as a  primary  purpose  or effect  the
avoidance  of this  Section  11(a)(ii),  shall  become null and void without any
further  action and no holder of such  Rights  shall have any rights  whatsoever
with respect to such Rights,  whether under any  provision of this  Agreement or
otherwise.  No Right  Certificate  shall be issued  pursuant  to  Section 3 that
represents Rights  beneficially  owned by an Acquiring Person whose Rights would
be void  pursuant  to the  preceding  sentence  or any  Associate  or  Affiliate
thereof;  no Right  Certificate shall be issued at any time upon the transfer of
any Rights to an Acquiring  Person  whose  Rights would be void  pursuant to the
preceding  sentence or any  Associate or Affiliate  thereof or to any nominee of
such  Acquiring  Person,  Associate  or  Affiliate;  and any  Right  Certificate
delivered to the Rights  Agent for transfer to an Acquiring  Person whose Rights
would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be cancelled. The Company
shall use all  reasonable  efforts to ensure that the provisions of this Section
11(a)(ii) are complied  with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Right
Certificates   or  other  Person  as  a  result  of  its  failure  to  make  any
determinations with respect to an Acquiring person or its Affiliates, Associates
or transferees hereunder.

                                      13.
<PAGE>


                       (iii)  The  right to buy  Common  Shares  of the  Company
pursuant to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph (a) shall not arise if the event
causing  such  Person to  become an  Acquiring  Person  (A) is a  consolidation,
merger,  sale,  transfer or similar transaction subject to Section 13 hereof, or
(B) is an acquisition of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a tender offer or an
exchange  offer  for all  outstanding  Common  Shares  at a price  and on  terms
determined  by at  least a  majority  of the  Continuing  Directors,  and  after
receiving advice from one or more investment banking firms, to be (1) at a price
which is fair to  stockholders  (taking  into  account  all  factors  which such
members of the Board of Directors deem relevant  including,  without limitation,
prices which could reasonably be achieved if the Company or its assets were sold
in an orderly basis designed to realize  maximum value) and (2) otherwise in the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders.

                       (iv) In lieu of issuing Common Shares in accordance  with
Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof,  the Company  may, if the Board of  Directors of the
Company,  upon approval by a majority of the  Continuing  Directors,  determines
that such action is necessary or appropriate and not contrary to the interest of
holders of Rights (and,  in the event that the number of Common Shares which are
authorized by the Company's  Amended and Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation
but not  outstanding  or reserved  for  issuance  for  purposes  other than upon
exercise of the Rights are not  sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the
Rights, or if any necessary  regulatory  approval for such issuance has not been
obtained by the Company, the Company shall): (A) determine the excess of (1) the
value of the Common  Shares  issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the "Current
Value")  over (2) the  Purchase  Price  (such  excess  being  referred to as the
"Spread")  and (B) with  respect  to each  Right,  make  adequate  provision  to
substitute for such Common Shares,  upon exercise of the Rights, (1) cash, (2) a
reduction in the Purchase  Price,  (3) other  equity  securities  of the Company
(including,  without  limitation,  shares or units of  shares  of any  series of
preferred stock which the Board of Directors of the Company,  upon approval by a
majority  of the  Continuing  Directors,  has  deemed to have the same  value as
Common  Shares  (such  shares or units of shares of  preferred  stock are herein
called "common stock  equivalents")),  except to the extent that the Company has
not obtained any  necessary  regulatory  approval  for such  issuance,  (4) debt
securities  of the  Company,  except  to the  extent  that the  Company  has not
obtained any necessary  regulatory approval for such issuance,  (5) other assets
or (6) any combination of the foregoing,  having an aggregate value equal to the
Current Value,  where such aggregate  value has been  determined by the Board of
Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval  by a  majority  of  the  Continuing
Directors,  based upon the advice of a nationally  recognized investment banking
firm  selected by the Board of  Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval by a
majority of the Continuing  Directors;  provided,  however, if the Company shall
not have made adequate  provision to deliver value  pursuant to clause (B) above
within  thirty (30) days  following  the  occurrence  of an event  described  in
Section  11(a)(ii),  then the Company  shall be obligated  to deliver,  upon the
surrender for exercise of a Right and without  requiring payment of the Purchase
Price,  Common Shares (to the extent  available),  except to the extent that the
Company has not obtained any necessary  regulatory  approval for such  issuance,
and then, if necessary,  cash,  which shares and/or cash have an aggregate value
equal to the Spread.  If the Board of Directors,  upon approval by a majority of
the Continuing  Directors,  shall determine in good faith that it is likely that
sufficient  additional  Common  Shares could be

                                      14.
<PAGE>


authorized  for  issuance  upon  exercise  in full  of the  Rights  or that  any
necessary  regulatory  approval for such issuance  will be obtained,  the thirty
(30) day period set forth above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not
more than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of an event described in Section
11(a)(ii),  in order that the  Company  may seek  stockholder  approval  for the
authorization of such additional shares or take action to obtain such regulatory
approval (such period, as it may be extended, the "Substitution Period"). To the
extent that the Company  determines  that some action need be taken  pursuant to
the first and/or  second  sentences of this Section  11(a)(iv),  the Company (x)
shall provide that such action shall apply uniformly to all  outstanding  Rights
held by  holders  entitled  to  receive  Common  Shares or other  securities  or
property upon exercise of such Rights and (y) may suspend the  exercisability of
the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution  Period in order to seek any
authorization  of additional  shares,  to take any action to obtain any required
regulatory  approval and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be
made pursuant to such first sentence and to determine the value thereof.  In the
event of any such  suspension,  the Company  shall  issue a public  announcement
stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as
well as a public  announcement  at such time as the  suspension  is no longer in
effect  and shall  promptly  notify  the Rights  Agent of such  suspension.  For
purposes of this Section 11(a)(iv),  the value of the Common Shares shall be the
current per share market price (as determined  pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof)
of the Common  Shares at the Close of Business on the date of the  occurrence of
one of the events  described in Section  11(a)(ii)  and the value of any "common
stock equivalent" shall be deemed to have the same value as the Common Shares on
such date.

                  (b) In the event that the Company  shall fix a record date for
the issuance of rights,  options or warrants to all holders of Preferred  Shares
entitling them (for a period  expiring within 45 calendar days after such record
date) to subscribe for or purchase  Preferred  Shares (or shares having the same
rights,   privileges  and  preferences  as  the  Preferred  Shares  ("equivalent
preferred   shares"))  or  securities   convertible  into  Preferred  Shares  or
equivalent  preferred  shares  at a price  per  Preferred  Share  or  equivalent
preferred  share  (or  having  a  conversion  price  per  share,  if a  security
convertible into Preferred Shares or equivalent  preferred shares) less than the
then  current  per share  market  price of the  Preferred  Shares (as defined in
Section  11(d)) on such record date,  the  Purchase  Price to be in effect after
such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect
immediately  prior to such  record date by a fraction,  the  numerator  of which
shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date plus the
number of  Preferred  Shares  which the  aggregate  offering  price of the total
number of Preferred Shares and/or  equivalent  preferred shares so to be offered
(and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible  securities so
to be offered) would  purchase at such current market price and the  denominator
of which shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date
plus the number of  additional  Preferred  Shares  and/or  equivalent  preferred
shares to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible
securities  so  to  be  offered  are  initially   convertible).   In  case  such
subscription  price may be paid in a consideration part or all of which shall be
in a form  other  than  cash,  the  value  of  such  consideration  shall  be as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, upon approval
by a  majority  of  the  Continuing  Directors,  whose  determination  shall  be
described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on the
Rights  Agent and the holders of the Rights.  Preferred  Shares owned by or

                                      15.
<PAGE>


held for the  account of the  Company  shall not be deemed  outstanding  for the
purpose of any such  computation.  Such  adjustment  shall be made  successively
whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options
or warrants are not so issued,  the  Purchase  Price shall be adjusted to be the
Purchase  Price  which  would then be in effect if such record date had not been
fixed.

                  (c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the making
of a  distribution  to all holders of the Preferred  Shares  (including any such
distribution  made in  connection  with a  consolidation  or merger in which the
Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness
or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a dividend payable in
Preferred Shares) or subscription  rights or warrants  (excluding those referred
to in Section  11(b)  hereof),  the  Purchase  Price to be in effect  after such
record date shall be  determined  by  multiplying  the Purchase  Price in effect
immediately  prior to such  record date by a fraction,  the  numerator  of which
shall be the then current per share market price of the Preferred Shares on such
record  date,  less the fair market  value (as  determined  in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Company, upon approval by a majority of the Continuing
Directors,  whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the
Rights Agent) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be
distributed  or of  such  subscription  rights  or  warrants  applicable  to one
Preferred  Share and the  denominator  of which shall be such  current per share
market  price  of  the  Preferred   Shares.   Such  adjustments  shall  be  made
successively  whenever  such a record date is fixed;  and in the event that such
distribution  is not so made,  the Purchase  Price shall again be adjusted to be
the  Purchase  Price  which  would then be in effect if such record date had not
been fixed.

                  (d) (i) For the  purpose  of any  computation  hereunder,  the
"current per share market price" of any security (a  "Security"  for the purpose
of this  Section  11(d)(i)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the
daily closing prices per share of such Security for the thirty (30)  consecutive
Trading Days (as such term is  hereinafter  defined)  immediately  prior to such
date;  provided,  however,  that in the event that the current per share  market
price of the Security is determined  during a period  following the announcement
by the  issuer  of such  Security  of (A) a  dividend  or  distribution  on such
Security payable in shares of such Security or securities  convertible into such
shares, or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Security
and prior to the  expiration  of thirty (30) Trading Days after the  ex-dividend
date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision,
combination  or  reclassification,  then, and in each such case, the current per
share market price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the current market
price per share  equivalent  of such  Security.  The closing  price for each day
shall be the last sale price,  regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place
on such day,  the average of the closing bid and asked  prices,  regular way, in
either case as  reported in the  principal  consolidated  transaction  reporting
system with  respect to  securities  listed or admitted to trading on the Nasdaq
National  Market  ("Nasdaq")  or, if the  Security  is not listed or admitted to
trading on the Nasdaq,  as reported in the  principal  consolidated  transaction
reporting  system with respect to securities  listed on the  principal  national
securities  exchange on which the  Security is listed or admitted to trading or,
if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national  securities
exchange,  the last quoted  price or, if not so quoted,  the average of the high
bid and low asked  prices 

                                      16.
<PAGE>


in the  over-the-counter  market, as reported by the Nasdaq or such other system
then in use,  or, if on any such  date the  Security  is not  quoted by any such
organization,  the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a
professional  market maker making a market in the Security selected by the Board
of  Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval by a majority of the  Continuing
Directors.  If on any  such  date no  market  maker is  making  a market  in the
Security,  the "current per share market price" of such Security on such date as
determined  in good faith by the Board of  Directors  of the Company as provided
for above shall be used.  The term  "Trading  Day" shall mean a day on which the
principal  national  securities  exchange  on which  the  Security  is listed or
admitted to trading is open for the  transaction of business or, if the Security
is not listed or  admitted to trading on any  national  securities  exchange,  a
Business Day.

                       (ii) For the purpose of any  computation  hereunder,  the
"current per share market price" of the Preferred  Shares shall be determined in
accordance  with the  method  set forth in Section  11(d)(i).  If the  Preferred
Shares are not publicly  traded,  the  "current  per share market  price" of the
Preferred Shares shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share market
price  of  the  Common  Shares  as  determined   pursuant  to  Section  11(d)(i)
(appropriately  adjusted to reflect any stock split,  stock  dividend or similar
transaction  occurring  after the date hereof),  multiplied  by one hundred.  If
neither  the Common  Shares nor the  Preferred  Shares are  publicly  held or so
listed or traded, "current per share market price" shall mean the fair value per
share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, upon
approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, whose determination shall be
described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent.

                  (e) No  adjustment  in the  Purchase  Price  shall be required
unless such  adjustment  would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in
the Purchase Price;  provided,  however, that any adjustments which by reason of
this  Section  11(e) are not  required  to be made shall be carried  forward and
taken into account in any subsequent  adjustment.  All  calculations  under this
Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one one-millionth
of a Preferred Share or one ten-thousandth of any other share or security as the
case may be.  Notwithstanding  the first  sentence of this  Section  11(e),  any
adjustment  required by this  Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier
of (i)  three  years  from  the  date of the  transaction  which  requires  such
adjustment  or (ii) the date of the  expiration  of the  right to  exercise  any
Rights.

                  (f) If as a result of an  adjustment  made pursuant to Section
11(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become entitled
to receive  any  shares of capital  stock of the  Company  other than  Preferred
Shares,  thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable  upon exercise
of any Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on
terms as nearly  equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the
Preferred  Shares  contained in Section  11(a) through (c),  inclusive,  and the
provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 with respect to the Preferred  Shares
shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

                  (g) All Rights originally issued by the Company  subsequent to
any adjustment  made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase,  at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred  Share  purchasable  from time to time  hereunder upon exercise of the
Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

                                      17.
<PAGE>


                  (h) Unless the Company  shall have  exercised  its election as
provided in Section  11(i),  upon each  adjustment  of the  Purchase  Price as a
result  of  the  calculations  made  in  Sections  11(b)  and  (c),  each  Right
outstanding  immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase,  at the adjusted  Purchase Price, that number of
one  one-hundredths  of  a  Preferred  Share  (calculated  to  the  nearest  one
one-millionth  of a  Preferred  Share)  obtained  by  dividing  (i) the  product
obtained by multiplying (x) the number of one  one-hundredths of a share covered
by a Right  immediately  prior to this  adjustment by (y) the Purchase  Price in
effect  immediately  prior to such adjustment of the Purchase Price by, (ii) the
Purchase  Price in effect  immediately  after such  adjustment  of the  Purchase
Price.

                  (i)  The  Company  may  elect  on or  after  the  date  of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in substitution
for any  adjustment  in the number of one  one-hundredths  of a Preferred  Share
purchasable upon the exercise of a Right.  Each of the Rights  outstanding after
such  adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable  for the number of
one  one-hundredths  of a  Preferred  Share for  which a Right  was  exercisable
immediately  prior to such  adjustment.  Each Right held of record prior to such
adjustment  of  the  number  of  Rights  shall  become  that  number  of  Rights
(calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing the Purchase
Price in effect  immediately  prior to adjustment  of the Purchase  Price by the
Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase Price. The
Company shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust the number of
Rights,  indicating  the record  date for the  adjustment,  and, if known at the
time, the amount of the adjustment to be made.  This record date may be the date
on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if the Right
Certificates have been issued,  shall be at least 10 days later than the date of
the public  announcement.  If Right  Certificates  have been  issued,  upon each
adjustment of the number of Rights  pursuant to this Section 11(i),  the Company
shall, as promptly as practicable,  cause to be distributed to holders of record
of Right Certificates on such record date Right Certificates evidencing, subject
to Section 14  hereof,  the  additional  Rights to which such  holders  shall be
entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall
cause  to  be  distributed  to  such  holders  of  record  in  substitution  and
replacement for the Right Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of
adjustment,  and upon surrender thereof,  if required by the Company,  new Right
Certificates  evidencing  all the Rights to which such holders shall be entitled
after such adjustment.  Right Certificates so to be distributed shall be issued,
executed  and  countersigned  in the  manner  provided  for  herein and shall be
registered  in the names of the holders of record of Right  Certificates  on the
record date specified in the public announcement.

                  (j)  Irrespective  of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share issuable upon the
exercise of the Rights, the Right Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued
may continue to express the Purchase Price and the number of one  one-hundredths
of a Preferred  Share which were  expressed  in the initial  Right  Certificates
issued hereunder.

                  (k) Before  taking any action that would  cause an  adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below one  one-hundredth  of the then par value,  if
any, of the Preferred  Shares

                                      18.
<PAGE>


issuable  upon  exercise of the Rights,  the  Company  shall take any  corporate
action which may, in the opinion of its counsel,  be necessary in order that the
Company may validly and  legally  issue fully paid and  nonassessable  Preferred
Shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

                  (l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment  in the  Purchase  Price be made  effective as of a record date for a
specified  event,  the Company may elect to defer until the  occurrence  of such
event the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date of
the Preferred  Shares and other  capital stock or securities of the Company,  if
any,  issuable upon such exercise over and above the Preferred  Shares and other
capital stock or securities of the Company,  if any, issuable upon such exercise
on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; provided,
however,  that the  Company  shall  deliver  to such  holder a due bill or other
appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such additional
shares upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

                  (m)   Anything   in   this   Section   11  to   the   contrary
notwithstanding,  the Company  shall be entitled to make such  reductions in the
Purchase  Price,  in addition to those  adjustments  expressly  required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion  shall determine
to be advisable in order that any  consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred
Shares,  issuance  wholly  for cash of any  Preferred  Shares  at less  than the
current market price, issuance wholly for cash of Preferred Shares or securities
which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred  Shares,
dividends on Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares or issuance of rights,
options or warrants referred to hereinabove in Section 11(b),  hereafter made by
the  Company  to holders of its  Preferred  Shares  shall not be taxable to such
stockholders.

                  (n) In the  event  that,  at any time  after  the date of this
Agreement and prior to the  Distribution  Date, the Company shall (i) declare or
pay any dividend on the Common Shares  payable in Common Shares or (ii) effect a
subdivision,   combination   or   consolidation   of  the   Common   Shares  (by
reclassification  or otherwise  than by payment of  dividends in Common  Shares)
into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares,  then in any such case (A) the
number of one  one-hundredths  of a Preferred Share purchasable after such event
upon proper exercise of each Right shall be determined by multiplying the number
of one  one-hundredths of a Preferred Share so purchasable  immediately prior to
such event by a fraction,  the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares
outstanding  immediately  before such event and the  denominator of which is the
number of Common Shares  outstanding  immediately after such event, and (B) each
Common  Share  outstanding  immediately  after such event shall have issued with
respect  to it that  number  of  Rights  which  each  Common  Share  outstanding
immediately  prior to such event had issued with respect to it. The  adjustments
provided for in this Section  11(n) shall be made  successively  whenever such a
dividend is declared or paid or such a subdivision, combination or consolidation
is effected.

                  Section 12.  Certificate of Adjusted  Purchase Price or Number
of Shares12.Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares. Whenever
an  adjustment  is made as provided  in  Sections 11 and 13 hereof,  the Company
shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate  setting forth such  adjustment,  and a
brief statement of the facts accounting for such  adjustment,  (b) file with the
Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common Shares or the Preferred
Shares a copy of such  certificate  and (c) mail a brief summary

                                      19.
<PAGE>



thereof to each holder of a Right  Certificate  in  accordance  with  Section 25
hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing  sentence,  the failure by the Company to
make such  certification or give such notice shall not affect the validity of or
the force or effect of the  requirement  for such  adjustment.  The Rights Agent
shall  be  fully  protected  in  relying  on  any  such  certificate  and on any
adjustment  contained  therein and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of such
adjustment unless and until it shall have received such certificate.

                  Section  13.  Consolidation,  Merger  or Sale or  Transfer  of
Assets or Earning Power13.  Consolidation,  Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets
or Earning Power. (a) Except as provided in Section 13(b) hereof,  in the event,
directly or indirectly,  (1) the Company shall  consolidate  with, or merge with
and into, any other Person,  (2) any Person shall  consolidate with the Company,
or merge with and into the Company and the Company  shall be the  continuing  or
surviving  corporation of such  consolidation  or merger and, in connection with
such  consolidation or merger, all or part of the Common Shares shall be changed
into or  exchanged  for stock or other  securities  of any other  Person (or the
Company)  or cash  or any  other  property,  or (3) the  Company  shall  sell or
otherwise  transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries  shall sell or otherwise
transfer),  in one or more  transactions,  directly  or  indirectly,  assets  or
earning  power  aggregating  50% or more of the assets or  earning  power of the
Company and its  Subsidiaries  (taken as a whole) to any other Person other than
the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned  Subsidiaries,  then, and in each
such case,  proper  provision  shall be made so that (i) each  holder of a Right
(except  as  otherwise  provided  herein)  shall  thereafter  have the  right to
receive, upon the exercise thereof at a price equal to the then current Purchase
Price  multiplied by the number of one  one-hundredths  of a Preferred Share for
which  a Right  is then  exercisable,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of this
Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares,  such number of Common Shares of such
other Person  (including  the Company as successor  thereto or as the  surviving
corporation)  as shall equal the result  obtained  by  dividing  (A) the product
obtained by  multiplying  the then current  Purchase  Price by the number of one
one-hundredths  of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then  exercisable,  by
(B) 50% of the then current per share market price of the Common  Shares of such
other  Person  (determined  pursuant  to  Section  11(d)  hereof) on the date of
consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer; (ii) the issuer of
such Common Shares shall  thereafter be liable for, and shall assume,  by virtue
of such consolidation,  merger, sale or transfer, all the obligations and duties
of the  Company  pursuant  to this  Agreement;  (iii) the term  "Company"  shall
thereafter  be deemed to refer to such  issuer;  and (iv) such issuer shall take
such steps  (including,  but not limited  to, the  reservation  of a  sufficient
number of its Common Shares in  accordance  with Section 9 hereof) in connection
with such  consummation as may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof
shall  thereafter be applicable,  as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to
the Common Shares  thereafter  deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights.  The
Company shall not consummate any such  consolidation,  merger,  sale or transfer
unless  prior  thereto  the  Company and such  issuer  shall have  executed  and
delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement so providing. The Company
shall not enter into any  transaction of the kind referred to in this Section 13
if at the time of such transaction there are any rights,  warrants,  instruments
or securities  outstanding or any agreements or arrangements  which, as a result
of the  consummation  of such  transaction,  would  eliminate  or  substantially
diminish the benefits  intended to be afforded by the Rights.  The provisions of
this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations or
sales or other transfers.

                                      20.
<PAGE>


                  The supplemental  agreement  referred to above in this Section
13(a) to be entered  into by the Company and the Rights Agent shall also provide
that, as soon as  practicable  after the date of any of the events  described in
this Section 13(a), such issuer shall:

                       (i) prepare and file a registration  statement  under the
Securities  Act with respect to the Rights and the securities  purchasable  upon
exercise of the Rights on an  appropriate  form,  use its best  efforts to cause
such  registration  statement to become  effective as soon as practicable  after
such filing and use its best  efforts to cause such  registration  statement  to
remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the
Securities  Act) until the Final  Expiration  Date,  and  similarly  comply with
applicable state securities laws;

                       (ii)  use its  best  efforts  to list  (or  continue  the
listing  of) the Rights and the  securities  purchasable  upon  exercise  of the
Rights on a national securities exchange or to meet the eligibility requirements
for quotation on Nasdaq; and

                       (iii)  deliver  to  holders  of  the  Rights   historical
financial  statements  for such issuer  which  comply in all  respects  with the
requirements  for  registration  on Form 10 (or any  successor  form)  under the
Exchange Act.

                  (b)  In  the  event  of  any   merger  or  other   acquisition
transaction  involving the Company pursuant to an agreement described in Section
1(c)(ii)(A)(2),  the  provisions of Section 13(a) hereof shall not be applicable
to such  transaction  and this  Agreement  and the  rights of  holders of Rights
hereunder shall be terminated in accordance with Section 7(a) hereof.

                  (c) The term  "issuer," for purposes of this Section 13, shall
refer to the Person (or  Affiliate or Associate)  referred to in Section  13(a);
provided,  however,  that (i) if such Person (or  Affiliate or  Associate)  is a
direct or indirect  Subsidiary of another Person,  the term "issuer" shall refer
to such other Person, and (ii) in case such Person is a Subsidiary,  directly or
indirectly,  of more than one Person, the term "issuer" shall refer to whichever
of such  Persons  is the  issuer  of such  Common  Shares  having  the  greatest
aggregate value.

                  (d) If, for any reason,  the Rights  cannot be  exercised  for
Common Shares of such issuer as provided in Section  13(a),  then each holder of
Rights  shall have the right to exchange its Rights for cash from such issuer in
an amount  equal to the  number  of Common  Shares  that it would  otherwise  be
entitled to purchase multiplied by 50% of the current per share market price, as
determined  pursuant to Section  11(d)  hereof,  of such  Common  Shares of such
issuer.  If,  for any  reason,  the  foregoing  provision  cannot be  applied to
determine the cash amount into which the Rights are exchangeable, then the Board
of  Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval by a majority of the  Continuing
Directors, based upon the advice of one or more nationally recognized investment
banking firms, shall determine such amount reasonably and with good faith to the
holders  of Rights.  Any such  determination  shall be final and  binding on the
Rights Agent and the holders of Rights.

                                      21.
<PAGE>


                  Section  14.  Fractional   Rights  and  Fractional   Shares14.
Fractional Rights and Fractional  Shares.  (a) The Company shall not be required
to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute Right  Certificates which evidence
fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the
registered  holders  of  the  Right  Certificates  with  regard  to  which  such
fractional  Rights would  otherwise be issuable,  an amount in cash equal to the
same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right.  For the purposes of
this  Section  14(a),  the  current  market  value of a whole Right shall be the
closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on
which such  fractional  Rights would have been otherwise  issuable.  The closing
price for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such
sale takes place on such day,  the average of the closing bid and asked  prices,
regular  way,  in  either  case  as  reported  in  the  principal   consolidated
transaction  reporting  system with respect to securities  listed or admitted to
trading on the Nasdaq or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on
the Nasdaq,  as reported in the  principal  consolidated  transaction  reporting
system with respect to securities  listed on the principal  national  securities
exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or, if the Rights
are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities  exchange,  the
last  quoted  price or, if not so  quoted,  the  average of the high bid and low
asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by Nasdaq or such other
system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any such
organization,  the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a
professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the Board of
Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval  by a  majority  of  the  Continuing
Directors.  If on any such date no such  market  maker is making a market in the
Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in good faith by
the Board of  Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval  by a majority  of the
Continuing Directors, shall be used.

                  (b) The Company  shall not be required to issue  fractions  of
Preferred  Shares  (other than  fractions  which are  integral  multiples of one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share) upon exercise of the Rights or to distribute
certificates  which evidence  fractional  Preferred Shares (other than fractions
which  are  integral  multiples  of one  one-hundredth  of a  Preferred  Share).
Fractions of Preferred  Shares in integral  multiples of one  one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share may, at the election of the Company,  be evidenced by depositary
receipts,  pursuant  to an  appropriate  agreement  between  the  Company  and a
depositary selected by it; provided,  however, that such agreement shall provide
that  the  holders  of such  depositary  receipts  shall  have  all the  rights,
privileges and  preferences  to which they are entitled as beneficial  owners of
the  Preferred  Shares  represented  by  such  depositary  receipts.  In lieu of
fractional Preferred Shares that are not integral multiples of one one-hundredth
of a Preferred Share,  the Company shall pay to the registered  holders of Right
Certificates  at the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount
in cash equal to the same fraction of the current  market value of one Preferred
Share.  For the purposes of this Section  14(b),  the current  market value of a
Preferred  Share shall be the closing price of a Preferred  Share (as determined
pursuant to the second sentence of Section  11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day
immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

                  (c) The  holder  of a Right  by the  acceptance  of the  Right
expressly  waives his right to receive any  fractional  Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).

                                      22.
<PAGE>



                  Section 15. Rights of Action15.  Rights of Action.  All rights
of action in respect of this Agreement,  excepting the rights of action given to
the  Rights  Agent  under  Section  18  hereof,  are  vested  in the  respective
registered  holders of the Right  Certificates  (and,  prior to the Distribution
Date, the registered holders of the Common Shares); and any registered holder of
any  Right  Certificate  (or,  prior to the  Distribution  Date,  of the  Common
Shares),  without the consent of the Rights  Agent or of the holder of any other
Right  Certificate (or, prior to the  Distribution  Date, of the Common Shares),
may, in such holder's own behalf and for such holder's own benefit, enforce, and
may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to
enforce,  or otherwise  act in respect of, such  holder's  right to exercise the
Rights evidenced by such Right  Certificate in the manner provided in such Right
Certificate  and in  this  Agreement.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing  or any
remedies  available to the holders of Rights,  it is  specifically  acknowledged
that the  holders  of Rights  would not have an  adequate  remedy at law for any
breach of this  Agreement  and will be entitled to specific  performance  of the
obligations  hereunder,  and  injunctive  relief  against  actual or  threatened
violations of the obligations of any Person subject to this Agreement.

                  Section 16. Agreement of Right  Holders16.  Agreement of Right
Holders.  Every holder of a Right,  by accepting  the same,  consents and agrees
with the  Company and the Rights  Agent and with every  other  holder of a Right
that:

                  (a)  prior  to the  Distribution  Date,  the  Rights  will  be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Shares;

                  (b) after the  Distribution  Date, the Right  Certificates are
transferable  only on the registry  books of the Rights Agent if  surrendered at
the office of the Rights Agent  designated  for such  purpose,  duly endorsed or
accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer; and

                  (c) subject to Sections 6 and 7(f) hereof, the Company and the
Rights  Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name the Right  Certificate
(or, prior to the Distribution  Date, the associated Common Shares  certificate)
is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced  thereby
(notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Right Certificates
or the  associated  Common  Shares  certificate  made by anyone  other  than the
Company or the Rights  Agent)  for all  purposes  whatsoever,  and  neither  the
Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

                  (d)   notwithstanding   anything  in  this  Agreement  to  the
contrary,  neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any  liability to
any holder of a Right or other  Person as a result of its  inability  to perform
any of its  obligations  under this  Agreement by reason of any  preliminary  or
permanent  injunction  or other  order,  decree or  ruling  issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency
or commission,  or any statute,  rule, regulation or executive order promulgated
or enacted by any governmental  authority,  prohibiting or otherwise restraining
performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its best
efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise  overturned
as soon as possible.

                                      23.
<PAGE>


                  Section   17.   Right   Certificate   Holder   Not   Deemed  a
Stockholder17.Right  Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder.  No holder, as
such, of any Right Certificate  shall be entitled to vote,  receive dividends or
be  deemed  for any  purpose  the  holder of the  Preferred  Shares or any other
securities  of the Company  which may at any time be issuable on the exercise of
the Rights  represented  thereby,  nor shall anything contained herein or in any
Right  Certificate  be  construed  to  confer  upon  the  holder  of  any  Right
Certificate,  as such,  any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any
right to vote for the  election of  directors  or upon any matter  submitted  to
stockholders  at any  meeting  thereof,  or to give or  withhold  consent to any
corporate  action,  or to receive notice of meetings or other actions  affecting
stockholders  (except as provided in Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends
or subscription  rights,  or otherwise,  until the Right or Rights  evidenced by
such  Right  Certificate  shall  have  been  exercised  in  accordance  with the
provisions hereof.

                  Section 18.  Concerning  the Rights  Agent18.  Concerning  the
Rights  Agent.  The  Company  agrees  to  pay  to the  Rights  Agent  reasonable
compensation  for all services  rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time,
on demand of the Rights  Agent,  its  reasonable  expenses  and counsel fees and
other  disbursements  incurred  in the  administration  and  execution  of  this
Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder.  The Company
also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless  against,
any loss, liability, or expense, incurred without gross negligence, bad faith or
willful  misconduct  on the part of the  Rights  Agent,  for any  action  taken,
suffered  or omitted  by the  Rights  Agent in  connection  with the  execution,
acceptance and administration of this Agreement and the exercise and performance
hereunder of its duties,  including the costs and expenses of defending  against
and  appealing any claim of liability in the  premises.  The indemnity  provided
herein shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the expiration of the
Rights.

                  The  Rights  Agent  shall  be  protected  and  shall  incur no
liability  for, or in respect of any action taken,  suffered or omitted by it in
connection  with,  its  administration  of this  Agreement  and the exercise and
performance  of its duties  hereunder in reliance upon any Right  Certificate or
certificate for the Preferred Shares or Common Shares or for other securities of
the  Company,   instrument  of  assignment  or  transfer,   power  of  attorney,
endorsement,   affidavit,  letter,  notice,  direction,   consent,  certificate,
statement,  or other  paper or  document  believed by it to be genuine and to be
signed, executed and, where necessary,  verified or acknowledged,  by the proper
person or  persons,  or  otherwise  upon the  advice of  counsel as set forth in
Section 20 hereof.

                  Section  19.  Merger  or  Consolidation  or  Change of Name of
Rights Agent19.  Merger or  Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent. Any
corporation  into which the Rights  Agent or any  successor  Rights Agent may be
merged or with which it may be consolidated,  or any corporation  resulting from
any merger or  consolidation  to which the Rights Agent or any successor  Rights
Agent shall be a party, or any  corporation  succeeding to the stock transfer or
corporate  trust  business of the Rights Agent or any  successor  Rights  Agent,
shall be the  successor  to the Rights  Agent under this  Agreement  without the
execution  or filing of any paper or any  further  act on the part of any of the
parties hereto, provided that such corporation would be eligible for appointment
as a successor  Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 hereof.  In case
at the time such  successor  Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by
this Agreement any of the Right  Certificates  shall have been countersigned but
not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of
the

                                      24.
<PAGE>


predecessor  Rights Agent and deliver such Right  Certificates so countersigned;
and in case at that  time any of the  Right  Certificates  shall  not have  been
countersigned,   any  successor   Rights  Agent  may   countersign   such  Right
Certificates  either in the name of the predecessor  Rights Agent or in the name
of the  successor  Rights Agent;  and in all such cases such Right  Certificates
shall  have  the full  force  provided  in the  Right  Certificates  and in this
Agreement.

                  In case at any  time  the name of the  Rights  Agent  shall be
changed  and at  such  time  any of  the  Right  Certificates  shall  have  been
countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature
under its prior name and deliver Right  Certificates  so  countersigned;  and in
case  at  that  time  any  of  the  Right   Certificates  shall  not  have  been
countersigned,  the Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates  either
in its prior  name or in its  changed  name;  and in all such  cases  such Right
Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in
this Agreement.

                  Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent20.  Duties of Rights Agent.
The Rights Agent undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement
upon the  following  terms and  conditions,  by all of which the Company and the
holders of Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

                  (a) The Rights  Agent may  consult  with legal  counsel of its
choice (who may be legal counsel for the Company),  and the advice or opinion of
such counsel  shall be full and complete  authorization  and  protection  to the
Rights Agent as to any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and
in accordance with such advice or opinion.

                  (b) Whenever in the  administration,  exercise and performance
of its duties under this  Agreement  the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or
desirable  that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior
to taking,  suffering  or  omitting  any action  hereunder,  such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may
be deemed to be conclusively  proved and established by a certificate  signed by
any  one  of the  Chairman  of the  Board,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  the
President, any Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Company and
delivered to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full  authorization
to the Rights Agent for any action  taken,  suffered or omitted in good faith by
it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

                  (c) The Rights Agent shall be liable  hereunder to the Company
and any other  Person  only for its own gross  negligence,  bad faith or willful
misconduct.

                  (d) The Rights  Agent  shall not be liable for or by reason of
any of the statements of fact or recitals  contained in this Agreement or in the
Right  Certificates  (except  its  countersignature  thereof)  or be required to
verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to
have been made by the Company only.

                  (e) The  Rights  Agent  shall  not be under any  liability  or
responsibility  in respect of the legality,  validity or  enforceability of this
Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution  hereof
by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the legality,  validity or

                                      25.
<PAGE>



enforceability   or  the  execution  of  any  Right   Certificate   (except  its
countersignature  thereof); nor shall it be liable or responsible for any breach
by the Company of any  covenant or condition  contained in this  Agreement or in
any  Right  Certificate;  nor  shall it be  responsible  for any  change  in the
exercisability  of the Rights  (including  the Rights  becoming void pursuant to
Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof)  or any  adjustment  in  the  terms  of  the  Rights
(including the manner,  method or amount thereof) provided for in Section 3, 11,
13, 23 or 24, or the  ascertaining  of the existence of facts that would require
any such change or  adjustment  (except  with  respect to the exercise of Rights
evidenced by Right  Certificates  after receipt of the certificate  described in
Section  12  hereof);  nor shall it by any act  hereunder  be deemed to make any
representation  or  warranty  as to  the  authorization  or  reservation  of any
Preferred  Shares  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  or  any  Right
Certificate or as to whether any Preferred Shares will, when issued,  be validly
authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

                  (f)  The  Company  agrees  that  it  will  perform,   execute,
acknowledge  and deliver or cause to be performed,  executed,  acknowledged  and
delivered  all such further and other acts,  instruments  and  assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by
the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

                  (g) The Rights  Agent is hereby  authorized  and  directed  to
accept instructions with respect to the administration, exercise and performance
of its duties  hereunder  from any one of the  Chairman of the Board,  the Chief
Executive  Officer,  the  President,  any Vice  President,  the Secretary or the
Treasurer  of the  Company,  and  to  apply  to  such  officers  for  advice  or
instructions in connection  with its duties,  and it shall not be responsible or
liable  for any  action  taken,  suffered  or  omitted  by it in good  faith  in
accordance  with  instructions  of any such  officer  or for any delay in acting
while waiting for those  instructions.  Any  application by the Rights Agent for
written  instructions  from the Company may, at the option of the Rights  Agent,
set forth in writing  any action  proposed  to be taken or omitted by the Rights
Agent under this Rights Agreement and the date on and/or after which such action
shall be taken or such omission  shall be effective.  The Rights Agent shall not
be  liable  for any  action  taken by,  or  omission  of,  the  Rights  Agent in
accordance with a proposal included in any such application on or after the date
specified  in such  application  (which  date  shall  not be less  than five (5)
Business Days after the date any officer of the Company  actually  received such
application,  unless  any such  officer  shall have  consented  in writing to an
earlier date) unless,  prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in
the  case  of an  omission),  the  Rights  Agent  shall  have  received  written
instructions in response to such  application  specifying the action to be taken
or omitted.

                  (h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or
employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other
securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in
which the  Company  may be  interested,  or  contract  with or lend money to the
Company or otherwise  act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights Agent
under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting
in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

                  (i) The  Rights  Agent may  execute  and  exercise  any of the
rights or powers

                                      26.
<PAGE>




hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through
its  attorneys  or  agents,  and the Rights  Agent  shall not be  answerable  or
accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or
agents or for any loss to the  Company  resulting  from any such  act,  default,
neglect or misconduct,  provided  reasonable care was exercised in the selection
and continued employment thereof.

                  (j) No provision of this  Agreement  shall  require the Rights
Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability
in the  performance  of any of its duties  hereunder  or in the  exercise of its
rights if the Rights Agent in good faith  believes that  repayment of such funds
or adequate  indemnification  against such risk or  liability is not  reasonably
assured to it.

                  (k) If, with respect to any Right  Certificate  surrendered to
the Rights Agent for exercise,  transfer, split up, combination or exchange, the
certification on the form of assignment or form of election to purchase,  as the
case may be, that the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate are not owned by
an Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or Associate  thereof,  has either not been
completed or in any manner  indicates  any other  response  thereto,  the Rights
Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such requested exercise,
transfer,  split up, combination or exchange,  without first consulting with the
Company.

                  Section 21. Change of Rights Agent21.  Change of Rights Agent.
The Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from
its duties under this  Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing mailed
to the  Company and to each  transfer  agent of the Common  Shares or  Preferred
Shares (as to which the  Rights  Agent has  received  prior  written  notice) by
registered or certified  mail,  and the Company shall mail notice thereof to the
holders of the Right  Certificates  by first-class  mail. The Company may remove
the Rights Agent or any successor  Rights Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice in
writing,  mailed to the Rights Agent or successor  Rights Agent, as the case may
be, and to each transfer  agent of the Common Shares or Preferred  Shares (as to
which the Rights Agent has  received  prior  written  notice) by  registered  or
certified  mail,  and to the holders of the Right  Certificates  by  first-class
mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall  otherwise  become
incapable of acting,  the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent.
If the  Company  shall fail to make such  appointment  within a period of thirty
(30) days after giving  notice of such removal or after it has been  notified in
writing of such  resignation  or incapacity  by the  resigning or  incapacitated
Rights  Agent or by the  holder of a Right  Certificate  (who  shall,  with such
notice,  submit such holder's Right  Certificate for inspection by the Company),
then the registered  holder of any Right  Certificate  may apply to any court of
competent  jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor
Rights Agent,  whether  appointed by the Company or by such a court,  shall be a
corporation  organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or
of any state of the United States, in good standing,  authorized under such laws
to exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers, and subject to supervision
or  examination  by federal or state  authority and which has at the time of its
appointment  as Rights  Agent a  combined  capital  and  surplus of at least $50
million. After appointment,  the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the
same powers,  rights,  duties and  responsibilities as if it had been originally
named as Rights Agent without  further act or deed; but the  predecessor  Rights
Agent shall deliver and transfer to the  successor  Rights Agent any property at
the time held by it  hereunder,  and execute

                                      27.
<PAGE>


and deliver any further  assurance,  conveyance,  act or deed  necessary for the
purpose.  Not later than the effective date of any such  appointment the Company
shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor  Rights Agent and each
transfer  agent of the  Common  Shares or  Preferred  Shares,  and mail a notice
thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Right Certificates.  Failure
to give any notice  provided  for in this  Section  21,  however,  or any defect
therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal
of the Rights Agent or the  appointment  of the successor  Rights Agent,  as the
case may be.

                  Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates22.  Issuance of
New Right Certificates.  Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement
or of the Rights to the  contrary,  the Company  may,  at its option,  issue new
Right  Certificates  evidencing  Rights in such form as may be  approved  by its
Board of Directors,  upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, to
reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or
class of shares or other  securities  or  property  purchasable  under the Right
Certificates  made in  accordance  with the  provisions  of this  Agreement.  In
addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of Common Shares following the
Distribution  Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of the Rights,  the
Company (a) shall,  with respect to Common  Shares so issued or sold pursuant to
the exercise of stock options or under any employee  benefit plan or arrangement
or upon the  exercise,  conversion  or  exchange  of  securities  of the Company
currently outstanding or issued at any time in the future by the Company and (b)
may, in any other  case,  if deemed  necessary  or  appropriate  by the Board of
Directors  of the  Company,  upon  approval  by a  majority  of  the  Continuing
Directors,  issue Right  Certificates  representing  the  appropriate  number of
Rights in connection with such issuance or sale; provided,  however, that (i) no
such Right  Certificate shall be issued and this sentence shall be null and void
ab initio if, and to the extent  that,  such  issuance  or this  sentence  would
create a significant  risk of or result in material  adverse tax consequences to
the  Company  or the Person to whom such  Right  Certificate  would be issued or
would create a significant risk of or result in such options' or employee plans'
or  arrangements'  failing  to  qualify  for  otherwise  available  special  tax
treatment  and (ii) no such  Right  Certificate  shall be issued  if, and to the
extent that,  appropriate  adjustment  shall otherwise have been made in lieu of
the issuance thereof.

                  Section 23. Redemption23.  Redemption. (a) The Company may, at
its option, upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, at any time
prior  to the  earlier  of (i) the  tenth  business  day  following  the  Shares
Acquisition  Date, or (ii) such date or dates on or after the tenth business day
following the Shares  Acquisition Date to which such option may be extended by a
majority of the Continuing Directors (for one or more successive 10 day periods)
by vote(s)  first  taken or written  consent(s)  first  given prior to the tenth
business day following the Shares Acquisition Date and, thereafter, prior to the
completion  of any  such 10 day  extension  or  extensions  (or,  if the  Shares
Acquisition  Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, prior to (A) the
tenth  business  day  following  the Record Date or (B) such date or dates on or
after the tenth  business  day after the Record Date to which such option may be
extended by a majority of the Continuing  Directors (for one or more  successive
10 day periods) by vote(s) first taken or written  consent(s)  first given prior
to the tenth  business day following the Record Date and,  thereafter,  prior to
the completion of any such 10 day extension or  extensions),  redeem all but not
less  than all the then  outstanding  Rights at a  redemption  price of $.01 per
Right,  appropriately  adjusted to reflect any stock  split,  stock

                                      28.
<PAGE>


dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such redemption
price being hereinafter  referred to as the "Redemption Price"), and the Company
may, at its option,  pay the  Redemption  Price  either in cash,  Common  Shares
(based on the current per share market price thereof (as determined  pursuant to
Section  11(d)  hereof)  at the  time  of  redemption),  or any  other  form  of
consideration  deemed  appropriate by the Board of Directors.  The redemption of
the Rights by the Board of Directors may be made  effective at such time on such
basis and with such  conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion
may establish, upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors.

                  (b)  Immediately  upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company  ordering the redemption of the Rights  pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this  Section 23, and without  any  further  action and without any notice,  the
right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the
holders of Rights shall be to receive the  Redemption  Price.  The Company shall
promptly give public notice of any such redemption;  provided, however, that the
failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect the validity
of such  redemption.  Within 10 days after such action of the Board of Directors
ordering the  redemption  of the Rights,  the Company  shall give notice of such
redemption  to the Rights Agent and shall mail a notice of redemption to all the
holders of the then  outstanding  Rights at their last  addresses as they appear
upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution  Date,
on the registry books of the transfer  agent for the Common  Shares.  Any notice
which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,  whether or
not the holder  receives the notice.  Each such notice of redemption  will state
the method by which the payment of the  Redemption  Price will be made.  Neither
the Company  nor any of its  Affiliates  or  Associates  may redeem,  acquire or
purchase  for  value  any  Rights  at any time in any  manner  other  than  that
specifically  set forth in this  Section 23 or in  Section 24 hereof,  and other
than in connection with the purchase of Common Shares prior to the  Distribution
Date.

                  (c)  Notwithstanding  anything  contained in this Agreement to
the contrary,  the Rights shall not be  exercisable  pursuant to Section 7(a) at
any time when the Rights are redeemable hereunder.

                  Section 24.  Exchange24.  Exchange.  (a) The  Company,  at its
option,  upon approval by a majority of the  Continuing  Directors,  at any time
after any Person  becomes an Acquiring  Person,  may exchange all or part of the
then  outstanding  and  exercisable  Rights (which shall not include Rights that
have become void  pursuant to the  provisions of Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof) for
Common Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right,  appropriately
adjusted  to reflect any stock  split,  stock  dividend  or similar  transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such exchange ratio being hereinafter  referred
to as the  "Exchange  Ratio").  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Board  of
Directors  shall not be empowered to effect such  exchange at any time after any
Person  (other than the Company,  any  Subsidiary  of the Company,  any employee
benefit plan of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or any entity holding Common
Shares  for or  pursuant  to the  terms of any  such  plan),  together  with all
Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or
more of the Common Shares then outstanding.

                                      29.
<PAGE>



                  (b)  Immediately  upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company  ordering the exchange of any Rights  pursuant to subsection  (a) of
this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right
to exercise  such Rights  shall  terminate  and the only right  thereafter  of a
holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Common  Shares equal to
the number of such Rights held by such holder  multiplied by the Exchange Ratio.
The Company shall  promptly give public notice of any such  exchange;  provided,
however,  that the  failure to give,  or any defect in,  such  notice  shall not
affect the validity of such exchange.  The Company  promptly shall mail a notice
of any  such  exchange  to all of the  holders  of such  Rights  at  their  last
addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice
which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,  whether or
not the holder receives the notice.  Each such notice of exchange will state the
method by which the  exchange  of the Common  Shares for Rights will be effected
and, in the event of any partial  exchange,  the number of Rights  which will be
exchanged.  Any partial  exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number
of Rights (other than Rights which have become void  pursuant to the  provisions
of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

                  (c) In any exchange  pursuant to this Section 24, the Company,
at its option, may substitute  Preferred Shares (or equivalent preferred shares,
as such term is defined in Section 11(b) hereof) for Common Shares  exchangeable
for Rights,  at the initial rate of one  one-hundredth  of a Preferred Share (or
equivalent preferred share) for each Common Share, as appropriately  adjusted to
reflect adjustments in the voting rights of the Preferred Shares pursuant to the
terms thereof,  so that the fraction of a Preferred  Share  delivered in lieu of
each Common Share shall have the same voting rights as one Common Share.

                  (d) In the event that  there  shall not be  sufficient  Common
Shares or Preferred Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued
to permit any  exchange of Rights as  contemplated  in  accordance  with Section
24(a),  the  Company  shall  either  take  such  action as may be  necessary  to
authorize  additional  Common  Shares or  Preferred  Shares  for  issuance  upon
exchange  of the  Rights  or  alternatively,  at the  option  of  the  Board  of
Directors, upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, with respect
to each Right (i) pay cash in an amount equal to the Purchase  Price, in lieu of
issuing Common Shares or Preferred  Shares in exchange  therefor,  or (ii) issue
debt or equity securities, or a combination thereof, having a value equal to the
Current Value (as hereinafter  defined) of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares
exchangeable  for each such Right,  where the value of such securities  shall be
determined by a nationally  recognized  investment  banking firm selected by the
Board of Directors,  upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, or
(iii) deliver any combination of cash, property, Common Shares, Preferred Shares
and/or other  securities  having a value equal to the Current  Value in exchange
for each Right. The term "Current  Value",  for the purposes of this Section 24,
shall mean the product of the current per share  market  price of Common  Shares
(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) on the date of the occurrence of the event
described above in  subparagraph  (a)) multiplied by the number of Common Shares
for which the Right  otherwise  would be  exchangeable  if there were sufficient
shares  available.  To the extent that the Company  determines  that some action
need be taken pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 24(d),  the
Board of Directors, upon approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors, may
temporarily suspend the exercisability of the Rights for a

                                      30.
<PAGE>


period of up to sixty (60) days following the date on which the event  described
in Section  24(a) shall have  occurred,  in order to seek any  authorization  of
additional  Common Shares or Preferred  Shares and/or to decide the  appropriate
form of distribution to be made pursuant to the above provision and to determine
the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension,  the Company shall issue
a public  announcement  stating that the  exercisability  of the Rights has been
temporarily suspended.

                  (e) The Company  shall not be required to issue  fractions  of
Common Shares or to distribute  certificates  which evidence  fractional  Common
Shares. In lieu of such fractional  Common Shares,  the Company shall pay to the
registered  holders  of  the  Right  Certificates  with  regard  to  which  such
fractional  Common Shares would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current  market value of a whole Common Share.  For the
purposes of this paragraph (e), the current market value of a whole Common Share
shall be the  closing  price of a Common  Share (as  determined  pursuant to the
second  sentence of Section  11(d)(i)  hereof)  for the Trading Day  immediately
prior to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

                  Section  25.  Notice of  Certain  Events25.  Notice of Certain
Events. (a) In case the Company shall propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in
stock of any class to the holders of its  Preferred  Shares or to make any other
distribution  to the  holders  of its  Preferred  Shares  (other  than a regular
quarterly cash dividend),  (ii) to offer to the holders of its Preferred  Shares
rights or warrants to  subscribe  for or to purchase  any  additional  Preferred
Shares  or  shares  of stock of any  class or any  other  securities,  rights or
options,  (iii) to effect any  reclassification  of its Preferred  Shares (other
than a reclassification  involving only the subdivision of outstanding Preferred
Shares),  (iv) to effect any  consolidation or merger into or with, or to effect
any sale or other  transfer  (or to permit  one or more of its  Subsidiaries  to
effect any sale or other transfer), in one or more transactions,  of 50% or more
of the assets or earning power of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  (taken as a
whole)  to, any other  Person,  (v) to effect the  liquidation,  dissolution  or
winding up of the Company,  or (vi) to declare or pay any dividend on the Common
Shares  payable  in Common  Shares or to effect a  subdivision,  combination  or
consolidation  of the Common Shares (by  reclassification  or otherwise  than by
payment of dividends in Common  Shares),  then,  in each such case,  the Company
shall give to each holder of a Right Certificate,  in accordance with Section 26
hereof,  a notice of such proposed  action,  which shall specify the record date
for the purposes of such stock dividend,  or distribution of rights or warrants,
or the  date  on  which  such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,
transfer, liquidation,  dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date
of  participation  therein by the holders of the Common Shares and/or  Preferred
Shares,  if any such date is to be fixed,  and such notice  shall be so given in
the case of any  action  covered  by clause  (i) or (ii) above at least ten (10)
days prior to the record date for  determining  holders of the Preferred  Shares
for purposes of such action,  and in the case of any such other action, at least
ten (10) days  prior to the date of the  taking of such  proposed  action or the
date of  participation  therein  by the  holders  of the  Common  Shares  and/or
Preferred Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

                  (b) In case any of the events  set forth in Section  11(a)(ii)
hereof shall occur,  then the Company  shall as soon as  practicable  thereafter
give to each  holder of a Right  Certificate,  in  accordance  with  Section  26
hereof,  a notice of the  occurrence of such event,  which notice shall

                                      31.
<PAGE>


describe  such  event and the  consequences  of such  event to holders of Rights
under Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof.  In the event any Person  becomes an Acquiring
Person, the Company will promptly notify the Rights Agent thereof.

                  Section 26. Notices26.  Notices. Notices or demands authorized
by this  Agreement  to be given or made by the Rights  Agent or by the holder of
any Right  Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently  given or made
if sent by first-class mail,  postage prepaid,  addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

                  SanDisk Corporation
                  140 Caspian Court
                  Sunnyvale, California 94089

                  Attention:        Cindy Burgdorf
                                    Chief Financial Officer

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof,  any notice or demand authorized
by this  Agreement  to be given or made by the  Company  or by the holder of any
Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently  given or made
if sent by first-class mail,  postage prepaid,  addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

                  Harris Trust and Savings Bank
                  311 West Monroe, 11th Floor
                  Chicago, Illinois 60690

                  Attention:  Ginger Lawerence

Notices  or  demands  authorized  by this  Agreement  to be given or made by the
Company or the  Rights  Agent to the  holder of any Right  Certificate  shall be
sufficiently  given  or  made  if sent by  first-class  mail,  postage  prepaid,
addressed  to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry
books of the Company.

                  Section 27.  Supplements  and  Amendments27.  Supplements  and
Amendments.  Prior to the Distribution Date, the Company may supplement or amend
this Agreement in any respect, without the approval of any holders of Rights, by
action of its Board of Directors  upon approval by a majority of the  Continuing
Directors,  and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs,  execute such
supplement or amendment.  From and after the Distribution  Date, the Company may
from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any
holders of  Rights,  by action of its Board of  Directors,  upon  approval  by a
majority of the Continuing Directors, in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct
or  supplement  any  provision  contained  herein  which  may  be  defective  or
inconsistent  with any other provisions  herein, or to make any other provisions
with respect to the Rights which the Company may deem necessary or desirable and
which  shall  be  consistent  with,  and  for the  purpose  of  fulfilling,  the
objectives  of the Board of Directors  in adopting  this  Agreement,  including,
without limitation, to change the Purchase Price, the Redemption Price, any time
periods

                                      32.
<PAGE>


herein specified, and any other term hereof, any such supplement or amendment to
be evidenced by a writing signed by the Company and the Rights Agent;  provided,
however,  that  from and after  such time as any  Person  becomes  an  Acquiring
Person,  this Agreement shall not be amended in any manner which would adversely
affect the  interests of the holders of Rights.  Upon  receipt of a  certificate
from an  appropriate  officer of the Company  that the  proposed  supplement  or
amendment is consistent  with this Section 27 and, after such time as any Person
has become an Acquiring Person,  that the proposed  supplement or amendment does
not adversely  affect the  interests of the holders of Rights,  the Rights Agent
shall execute such supplement or amendment.  Without limiting the foregoing, the
Company  may at any time prior to such time as any Person  becomes an  Acquiring
Person, by action of its Board of Directors,  upon approval by a majority of the
Continuing Directors,  amend this Agreement to lower the thresholds set forth in
Sections  1(a) and  3(a) to not less  than  the  greater  of (i) any  percentage
greater than the largest  percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then known
by the Company to be  beneficially  owned by any Person (other than the Company,
any Subsidiary of the Company,  any employee  benefit plan of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company,  or any entity  holding Common Shares for or pursuant
to the terms of any such plan) and (ii) 10%.

                  Section 28.  Successors28.  Successors.  All the covenants and
provisions of this  Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights
Agent shall bind and inure to the  benefit of their  respective  successors  and
assigns hereunder.

                  Section  29.  Determinations  and  Actions  by  the  Board  of
Directors29.  Determinations  and  Actions  by the Board of  Directors.  For all
purposes  of this  Agreement,  any  calculation  of the number of Common  Shares
outstanding at any particular  time,  including for purposes of determining  the
particular  percentage of such outstanding  Common Shares of which any Person is
the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of Rule
13d-3(d)(1)(i)  of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. The
Board of Directors of the Company (and, where specifically  provided for herein,
only upon  approval by a majority of the  Continuing  Directors)  shall have the
exclusive  power and authority to administer  this Agreement and to exercise all
rights and powers  specifically  granted to the Board, or the Company, or as may
be necessary or advisable in the  administration  of this Agreement,  including,
without limitation,  the right and power to (i) interpret the provisions of this
Agreement and (ii) make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the
administration  of this Agreement  (including a  determination  to redeem or not
redeem the Rights or to amend the  Agreement).  All such actions,  calculations,
interpretations and determinations (including, for purposes of clause (y) below,
all  omissions  with  respect to the  foregoing),  which are done or made by the
Board (or, where specifically  provided for herein,  upon approval by a majority
of the Continuing  Directors) in good faith, shall (x) be final,  conclusive and
binding on the Company,  the Rights Agent, the holders of the Right Certificates
and all other parties and (y) not subject the Board or the Continuing  Directors
to any liability to the holders of the Rights.

                  Section  30.  Benefits  of this  Agreement.  Benefits  of this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any person or
corporation other than the Company,  the Rights Agent and the registered holders
of the Right  Certificates  (and,  prior to the  Distribution  Date,  the Common
Shares) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement;  but
this Agreement 

                                      33.
<PAGE>


shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the
Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to
the Distribution Date, the Common Shares).

                  Section  31.  Severability31.   Severability.   If  any  term,
provision,  covenant  or  restriction  of this  Agreement  is held by a court of
competent  jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable,
the  remainder of the terms,  provisions,  covenants  and  restrictions  of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated;  provided,  however,  that notwithstanding  anything in
this  Agreement  to the  contrary,  if any such  term,  provision,  covenant  or
restriction  is  held  by  such  court  or  authority  to be  invalid,  void  or
unenforceable  and the Board of  Directors of the  Company,  upon  approval by a
majority of the Continuing Directors, determines in its good faith judgment that
severing the invalid  language from this Agreement  would  adversely  affect the
purpose  or  effect of this  Agreement,  the  right of  redemption  set forth in
Section  23 hereof  shall be  reinstated  and shall not  expire  until the tenth
business day following the date of such  determination by the Board of Directors
of the Company.

                  Section 32. Governing Law32. Governing Law. This Agreement and
each Right  Certificate  issued  hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made
under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all  purposes  shall be governed
by and  construed  in  accordance  with the  laws of such  State  applicable  to
contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State.

                  Section 33. Counterparts33.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts  and each of such  counterparts  shall
for all purposes be deemed to be an original,  and all such  counterparts  shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument.

                  Section  34.  Descriptive  Headings34.  Descriptive  Headings.
Descriptive  headings of the several  Sections of this Agreement are inserted or
convenience  only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of
any of the provisions hereof.

                                      34.
<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  caused  this
Agreement  to be duly  executed and  attested,  all as of the day and year first
above written.

ATTEST:                                   SANDISK CORPORATION


By                                        By
    Name:  Thomas W. Kellerman                 Name:  Cindy Burgdorf
    Title: Assistant Secretary                 Title: Chief Financial Officer



ATTEST:                                   HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK,
                                          as Rights Agent


By                                        By
    Name:                                      Name:
    Title:                                     Title:



                                      35.
<PAGE>





                                                                 Exhibit A



                                      FORM

                                       of

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

                                       of

                  SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

                                       of

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                         (Pursuant to Section 151 of the
                        Delaware General Corporation Law)

                       ----------------------------------


                  SanDisk  Corporation,  a  corporation  organized  and existing
under the General  Corporation Law of the State of Delaware  (hereinafter called
the "Corporation"),  hereby certifies that the following  resolution was adopted
by the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  as required by Section 151 of the
General Corporation Law at a meeting duly called and held on April 18, 1997;

                  RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested
in the Board of Directors of the Corporation  (hereinafter  called the "Board of
Directors" or the "Board") in accordance  with the provisions of the Certificate
of  Incorporation,  the Board of Directors  hereby creates a series of Preferred
Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of the Corporation and
hereby  states the  designation  and number of  shares,  and fixes the  relative
rights, preferences, and limitations thereof as follows:

                  Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

                  Section 1.  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be  designated  as "Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock" (the
"Series A Preferred  Stock") and the number of shares  constituting the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be Four Hundred Thousand (400,000).  Such number of shares
may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided,
that no decrease  shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock
to a

                                      A-1
<PAGE>



number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares
reserved  for  issuance  upon the  exercise of  outstanding  options,  rights or
warrants or upon the  conversion  of any  outstanding  securities  issued by the
Corporation convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.


                  Section 2.  Dividends and Distributions.

                  (A)  Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any
         series of  Preferred  Stock (or any similar  stock)  ranking  prior and
         superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock,  in  preference  to the
         holders of the Common  Stock,  par value  $.001 per share (the  "Common
         Stock"),  of the Corporation,  and of any other junior stock,  shall be
         entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors
         out of funds  legally  available for the purpose,  quarterly  dividends
         payable in cash on the first day of March, June, September and December
         in each year (each such date being  referred to herein as a  "Quarterly
         Dividend  Payment Date"),  commencing on the first  Quarterly  Dividend
         Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share
         of Series A  Preferred  Stock,  in an amount per share  (rounded to the
         nearest  cent)  equal  to,  subject  to the  provision  for  adjustment
         hereinafter set forth,  100 times the aggregate per share amount of all
         cash  dividends,  and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable
         in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a
         dividend  payable  in shares of Common  Stock or a  subdivision  of the
         outstanding shares of Common Stock (by  reclassification or otherwise),
         declared on the Common Stock since the immediately  preceding Quarterly
         Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly  Dividend
         Payment  Date,  since the first  issuance of any share or fraction of a
         share of Series A Preferred  Stock. In the event the Corporation  shall
         at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock  payable in
         shares of Common  Stock,  or effect a  subdivision  or  combination  or
         consolidation   of  the   outstanding   shares  of  Common   Stock  (by
         reclassification  or otherwise  than by payment of a dividend in shares
         of Common  Stock)  into a greater or lesser  number of shares of Common
         Stock,  then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of
         Series A Preferred Stock were entitled  immediately prior to such event
         under  clause  (b) of the  preceding  sentence  shall  be  adjusted  by
         multiplying  such amount by a fraction,  the  numerator of which is the
         number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after such
         event and the  denominator  of which is the  number of shares of Common
         Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (B) The  Corporation  shall declare a dividend or distribution
         on the Series A Preferred  Stock as provided in  paragraph  (A) of this
         Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the
         Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock).

                  (C)  Dividends  shall  begin to accrue  and be  cumulative  on
         outstanding  shares  of Series A  Preferred  Stock  from the  Quarterly
         Dividend  Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares,
         unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for
         the first Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, in which case dividends on
         such  shares  shall

                                      A-2
<PAGE>


         begin to accrue  from the date of issue of such  shares,  or unless the
         date of issue is a Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date or is a date after
         the record date for the  determination of holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred  Stock  entitled to receive a quarterly  dividend  and before
         such  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, in either of which events such
         dividends  shall begin to accrue and be cumulative  from such Quarterly
         Dividend  Payment  Date.  Accrued but unpaid  dividends  shall not bear
         interest.  Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred  Stock in
         an  amount  less than the total  amount of such  dividends  at the time
         accrued  and payable on such shares  shall be  allocated  pro rata on a
         share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The
         Board of  Directors  may fix a record  date  for the  determination  of
         holders  of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock  entitled  to  receive
         payment of a dividend or distribution  declared  thereon,  which record
         date  shall be not more  than 60 days  prior to the date  fixed for the
         payment thereof.

                  Section 3.  Voting  Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A
         Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

                  (A) Subject to the provision for  adjustment  hereinafter  set
         forth,  each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder
         thereof  to  100  votes  on all  matters  submitted  to a  vote  of the
         stockholders of the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at
         any time  declare or pay any  dividend on the Common  Stock  payable in
         shares of Common  Stock,  or effect a  subdivision  or  combination  or
         consolidation   of  the   outstanding   shares  of  Common   Stock  (by
         reclassification  or otherwise  than by payment of a dividend in shares
         of Common  Stock)  into a greater or lesser  number of shares of Common
         Stock,  then in each such  case the  number of votes per share to which
         holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately
         prior to such event shall be adjusted by  multiplying  such number by a
         fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the  number  of shares of Common
         Stock  outstanding  immediately after such event and the denominator of
         which is the  number of shares of Common  Stock  that were  outstanding
         immediately prior to such event.

                  (B)  Except  as  otherwise   provided  herein,  in  any  other
         Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any
         similar  stock,  or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
         Stock and the holders of shares of Common  Stock and any other  capital
         stock of the  Corporation  having  general  voting  rights  shall  vote
         together  as  one  class  on  all  matters   submitted  to  a  vote  of
         stockholders of the Corporation.

                  (C) Except as set forth  herein,  or as otherwise  provided by
         law,  holders of Series A Preferred  Stock shall have no special voting
         rights and their  consent  shall not be required  (except to the extent
         they are  entitled  to vote with  holders of Common  Stock as set forth
         herein) for taking any corporate action.

                  Section 4.  Certain Restrictions.

                  (A)  Whenever  quarterly   dividends  or  other  dividends  or
         distributions  payable on

                                      A-3
<PAGE>



         the Series A  Preferred  Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears,
         thereafter   and  until  all   accrued   and   unpaid   dividends   and
         distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Preferred
         Stock  outstanding  shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall
         not:

                        (i)  declare  or  pay  dividends,   or  make  any  other
                  distributions,  on any shares of stock ranking  junior (either
                  as to dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding
                  up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

                       (ii)  declare  or  pay  dividends,   or  make  any  other
                  distributions,  on any  shares  of stock  ranking  on a parity
                  (either as to dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or
                  winding  up)  with  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock,   except
                  dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all
                  such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears
                  in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all
                  such shares are then entitled;

                      (iii)  redeem  or  purchase  or   otherwise   acquire  for
                  consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to
                  dividends or upon  liquidation,  dissolution or winding up) to
                  the Series A Preferred  Stock,  provided that the  Corporation
                  may at any time redeem,  purchase or otherwise  acquire shares
                  of any such junior  stock in exchange  for shares of any stock
                  of the  Corporation  ranking junior (either as to dividends or
                  upon  dissolution,  liquidation or winding up) to the Series A
                  Preferred Stock; or

                       (iv)  redeem  or  purchase  or   otherwise   acquire  for
                  consideration  any shares of Series A Preferred  Stock, or any
                  shares  of  stock  ranking  on a  parity  with  the  Series  A
                  Preferred  Stock,  except in accordance  with a purchase offer
                  made in writing or by publication  (as determined by the Board
                  of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as
                  the Board of Directors,  after consideration of the respective
                  annual   dividend   rates  and  other   relative   rights  and
                  preferences  of  the  respective  series  and  classes,  shall
                  determine  in good  faith  will  result in fair and  equitable
                  treatment among the respective series or classes.

                  (B) The  Corporation  shall not permit any  subsidiary  of the
         Corporation  to purchase or  otherwise  acquire for  consideration  any
         shares of stock of the Corporation  unless the Corporation could, under
         paragraph  (A) of this Section 4,  purchase or  otherwise  acquire such
         shares at such time and in such manner.

                  Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock  purchased  or  otherwise  acquired  by  the  Corporation  in  any  manner
whatsoever  shall be  retired  and  cancelled  promptly  after  the  acquisition
thereof.  All such shares shall upon their  cancellation  become  authorized but
unissued  shares of Preferred  Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred  Stock subject to the conditions and  restrictions  on issuance set
forth herein, in the Certificate of  Incorporation,  or in any other Certificate
of Designations  creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as
otherwise required by law.

                                      A-4
<PAGE>


                  Section 6.  Liquidation,  Dissolution  or Winding Up. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall
be made (1) to the  holders  of shares of stock  ranking  junior  (either  as to
dividends  or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up) to the  Series A
Preferred  Stock  unless,  prior  thereto,  the  holders  of  shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock shall have  received  $100 per share,  plus an amount  equal to
accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared,
to the date of such  payment,  provided  that the  holders of shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock  shall be entitled  to receive an  aggregate  amount per share,
subject to the  provision for  adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,  equal to 100
times the aggregate  amount to be distributed  per share to holders of shares of
Common  Stock,  or (2) to the  holders  of shares of stock  ranking  on a parity
(either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the
Series A Preferred  Stock,  except  distributions  made  ratably on the Series A
Preferred  Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to
which the  holders  of all such  shares  are  entitled  upon  such  liquidation,
dissolution  or  winding  up.  In the event  the  Corporation  shall at any time
declare  or pay any  dividend  on the Common  Stock  payable in shares of Common
Stock,  or  effect  a  subdivision  or  combination  or   consolidation  of  the
outstanding  shares of Common Stock (by  reclassification  or otherwise  than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number
of shares of Common Stock,  then in each such case the aggregate amount to which
holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to
such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the  preceding  sentence  shall be
adjusted by multiplying  such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately  after such event and
the  denominator  of which is the  number of shares  of Common  Stock  that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation
shall enter into any consolidation,  merger, combination or other transaction in
which the shares of Common Stock are  exchanged  for or changed into other stock
or securities,  cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share
of Series A Preferred  Stock shall at the same time be  similarly  exchanged  or
changed  into an amount  per  share,  subject to the  provision  for  adjustment
hereinafter  set  forth,  equal to 100  times  the  aggregate  amount  of stock,
securities,  cash and/or any other property  (payable in kind),  as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or  exchanged.
In the event the  Corporation  shall at any time  declare or pay any dividend on
the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock,  or effect a subdivision  or
combination  or  consolidation  of the  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock (by
reclassification  or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common
Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common  Stock,  then in each
such case the amount set forth in the  preceding  sentence  with  respect to the
exchange  or change of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock shall be adjusted by
multiplying  such amount by a fraction,  the numerator of which is the number of
shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after  such  event  and the
denominator  of  which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  that  were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  Section 8. No  Redemption.  The  shares of Series A  Preferred
Stock shall not be redeemable.

                                      A-5
<PAGE>


                  Section 9. Rank. The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank, with
respect to the payment of dividends and the  distribution  of assets,  junior to
all series of any other class of the Corporation's Preferred Stock.

                  Section 10. Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Corporation  shall not be amended in any manner which would  materially alter or
change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock
so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding  shares of Series A Preferred Stock,  voting
together as a single class.


                  IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Certificate  of  Designations  is
executed on behalf of the  Corporation  by its Chief  Financial  Officer and its
corporate seal attested by its Assistant Secretary this 18th day of April, 1997.



                                          Name:      Cindy Burgdorf
                                          Title:     Chief Financial Officer



Attest:


Thomas W. Kellerman
Assistant Secretary

                                      A-6
<PAGE>







                                                                  Exhibit B

                            Form of Right Certificate

Certificate No. R-                                          ________ Rights


                  NOT EXERCISABLE  AFTER APRIL 28, 2007 OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION
                  OR EXCHANGE  OCCURS.  THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO  REDEMPTION AT
                  THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY AT $.01 PER RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON
                  THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE  RIGHTS  AGREEMENT.  UNDER  CERTAIN
                  CIRCUMSTANCES,  RIGHTS  BENEFICIALLY  OWNED  BY  AN  ACQUIRING
                  PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS
                  SUCH  TERMS  ARE  DEFINED  IN THE  RIGHTS  AGREEMENT)  AND ANY
                  SUBSEQUENT  HOLDER OF SUCH  RIGHTS MAY  BECOME  NULL AND VOID.
                  [THE RIGHTS  REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHT CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE
                  BENEFICIALLY  OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING
                  PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS
                  SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT).  ACCORDINGLY,
                  THIS RIGHT CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS  REPRESENTED  HEREBY MAY
                  BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE  CIRCUMSTANCES  SPECIFIED  IN SUCH
                  AGREEMENT.]*/


                                Right Certificate

                               SANDISK CORPORATION


                  This  certifies that ------- , or registered  assigns,  is the
registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which entitles
the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights
Agreement, dated as of April 18, 1997 (the "Rights Agreement"),  between SanDisk
Corporation,  a Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and  Harris  Trust and
Savings  Bank (the  "Rights  Agent"),  to purchase  from the Company at any time
after the  Distribution  Date (as such term is defined in the Rights  Agreement)
and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York, New York time, on April 28, 2007 at the office
of the  Rights  Agent  designated  for such  purpose,  or at the  office  of its
successor as Rights  Agent,  one  one-hundredth  of a fully paid  non-assessable

- ----------------  */The  portion of the legend in bracket shall be inserted only
if applicable and shall replace the preceding sentence.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>


share of Series A Junior  Participating  Preferred  Stock,  par value  $.001 per
share (the "Preferred Shares") of the Company, at a purchase price of $65.00 per
one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), upon presentation
and  surrender of this Right  Certificate  with the Form of Election to Purchase
duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and the
number of one  one-hundredths  of a Preferred  Share which may be purchased upon
exercise  hereof) set forth above,  and the Purchase Price set forth above,  are
the number and Purchase Price as of April 28, 1997 based on the Preferred Shares
as constituted at such date. As provided in the Rights  Agreement,  the Purchase
Price and the number of one  one-hundredths  of a  Preferred  Share which may be
purchased  upon the exercise of the Rights  evidenced by this Right  Certificate
are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

                  This  Right  Certificate  is  subject  to all  of  the  terms,
provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement,  which terms,  provisions and
conditions  are hereby  incorporated  herein by reference and made a part hereof
and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of
the rights, limitations of rights, obligations,  duties and immunities hereunder
of the Rights  Agent,  the Company  and the  holders of the Right  Certificates.
Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal executive offices of
the Company.

                  This  Right   Certificate,   with  or  without   other   Right
Certificates,  upon  surrender at the office of the Rights Agent  designated for
such  purpose,   may  be  exchanged  for  another  Right  Certificate  or  Right
Certificates  of like tenor and date evidencing  Rights  entitling the holder to
purchase a like aggregate  number of Preferred Shares as the Rights evidenced by
the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such
holder to purchase.  If this Right  Certificate  shall be exercised in part, the
holder  shall be  entitled  to  receive  upon  surrender  hereof  another  Right
Certificate or Right Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

                  Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement,  the Rights
evidenced  by this  Certificate  may be redeemed by the Company at a  redemption
price of $.01 per Right.

                  No  fractional  Preferred  Shares  will  be  issued  upon  the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are
integral  multiples of one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share, which may, at the
election of the  Company,  be  evidenced by  depositary  receipts),  but in lieu
thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

                  No  holder  of this  Right  Certificate,  as  such,  shall  be
entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of
the Preferred  Shares or of any other securities of the Company which may at any
time be issuable on the exercise  hereof,  nor shall  anything  contained in the
Rights  Agreement or herein be construed  to confer upon the holder  hereof,  as
such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for
the election of directors or upon any matter  submitted to  stockholders  at any
meeting thereof,  or to give or withhold consent to any corporate  action, or to
receive notice of meetings or other actions  affecting  stockholders  (except as
provided  in the Rights  Agreement),  or to receive  dividends  or  subscription
rights,  or  otherwise,  until  the  Right or  Rights  evidenced  by this  Right
Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

                                      B-2
<PAGE>

                  This Right  Certificate  shall not be valid or obligatory  for
any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

                  WITNESS the  signature  of the proper  officers of the Company
and its corporate seal. Dated as of __________________.




ATTEST:                                        SANDISK CORPORATION



                                               By
Name:  Thomas W. Kellerman                     Name:  Cindy Burgdorf
Title: Assistant Secretary                     Title: Chief Financial Officer




Countersigned:

HARRIS TRUST AND SAVINGS BANK,
as Rights Agent


By
   Authorized Signatory


                                      B-3
<PAGE>


                    Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


                (To be executed by the registered  holder if such holder desires
                to transfer the Right Certificate.)

                FOR VALUE RECEIVED ---- hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  (Please print name and address of transferee)
this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and
does hereby irrevocably  constitute and appoint Attorney, to transfer the within
Right Certificate on the books of the within-named  Company,  with full power of
substitution.


Dated:                        ,
      -----------------------   ----



                                                         Signature

                                               ------------------------------
Signature Guaranteed:

                  Signatures must be guaranteed by a participant in a Securities
Transfer Association Inc. recognized signature guarantee medallion program.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  CERTIFICATION

                  The undersigned  hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by
this Right  Certificate are not beneficially  owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).



                                                          Signature

                                               ------------------------------
             

                                      B-4
<PAGE>

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued



                          FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                                             (To be executed  if holder  desires
to exercise the Right Certificate.)


To SANDISK CORPORATION

               The  undersigned  hereby  irrevocably  elects to exercise  Rights
represented by this Right  Certificate to purchase the Preferred Shares issuable
upon the  exercise  of such  Rights  and  requests  that  certificates  for such
Preferred Shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number
                                                (Please print name and address)

If such  number of Rights  shall not be all the Rights  evidenced  by this Right
Certificate,  a new Right  Certificate for the balance  remaining of such Rights
shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number
                                                 (Please print name and address)



Dated:                    ,
       ------------------  ----


                                                     Signature

                                          -----------------------------------

Signature Guaranteed:

                  Signatures must be guaranteed by a participant in a Securities
Transfer Association Inc. recognized signature guarantee medallion program.


                                      B-5
<PAGE>


                                                Form of Reverse Side of Right  
Certificate -- continued


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  CERTIFICATION

               The  undersigned  hereby  certifies that the Rights  evidenced by
this Right  Certificate are not beneficially  owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).



                                                     Signature

                                           -----------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                     NOTICE


               The signature in the foregoing  Forms of Assignment  and Election
to  Purchase  must  conform to the name as  written  upon the face of this Right
Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever.

               In the event  the  certification  set forth  above in the Form of
Assignment  or the Form of  Election  to  Purchase,  as the case may be,  is not
completed,  the Company and the Rights Agent will deem the  beneficial  owner of
the Rights  evidenced by this Right  Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or  Associate  thereof (as defined in the Rights  Agreement)  and such
Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

                                      B-6
<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit C

                               SANDISK CORPORATION

                          SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
                                PREFERRED SHARES


                  On  April  18,  1997,   the  Board  of  Directors  of  SanDisk
Corporation (the "Company")  declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase
right (a  "Right")  for each  outstanding  share of Common  Stock  (the  "Common
Stock"),  par value $.001 per share (the "Common Shares"),  of the Company.  The
dividend is payable on April 28, 1997 (the "Record Date") to the stockholders of
record on that date. Each Right entitles the registered  holder to purchase from
the  Company  one  one-hundredth  of a share of  Series  A Junior  Participating
Preferred  Stock,  par value $.001 per share (the  "Preferred  Shares"),  of the
Company at a price of $65.00 per one  one-hundredth  of a  Preferred  Share (the
"Purchase  Price"),  subject to  adjustment.  The  description  and terms of the
Rights  are set  forth in a Rights  Agreement  dated as of April  18,  1997 (the
"Rights  Agreement")  between the Company and Harris Trust and Savings  Bank, as
Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

                  Until the  earlier to occur of (i) 10 days  following a public
announcement  that a person or group of  affiliated  or  associated  persons (an
"Acquiring  Person")  have acquired  beneficial  ownership of 15% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may be
determined by action of the Board of Directors  prior to such time as any Person
becomes an Acquiring  Person)  following the commencement of, or announcement of
an intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which
would result in the beneficial  ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of
such  outstanding  Common  Shares (the  earlier of such dates  being  called the
"Distribution  Date"), the Rights will be evidenced,  with respect to any of the
Common Share  certificates  outstanding  as of the Record  Date,  by such Common
Share certificate with a copy of this Summary of Rights attached thereto.

                  The Rights  Agreement  provides that,  until the  Distribution
Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the Common Shares. Until
the Distribution Date (or earlier  redemption or expiration of the Rights),  new
Common Share  certificates  issued after the Record Date,  upon  transfer or new
issuance  of Common  Shares  will  contain a notation  incorporating  the Rights
Agreement by reference.  Until the Distribution  Date (or earlier  redemption or
expiration of the Rights),  the surrender for transfer of any  certificates  for
Common Shares,  outstanding as of the Record Date, even without such notation or
a copy of this Summary of Rights being attached  thereto,  will also  constitute
the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by such
certificate.  As soon as practicable  following the Distribution Date,  separate
certificates  evidencing  the Rights  ("Right  Certificates")  will be mailed to
holders  of record of the

                                      C-1
<PAGE>


Common  Shares as of the Close of  Business  on the  Distribution  Date and such
separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

                  The Rights are not exercisable  until the  Distribution  Date.
The Rights  will  expire at the close of  business on April 28, 2007 (the "Final
Expiration  Date"),  unless the Final  Expiration Date is extended or unless the
Rights are earlier redeemed by the Company, in each case as described below.

                  The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other  securities  or  property  issuable,  upon  exercise  of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent  dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision,  combination or reclassification  of, the
Preferred  Shares,  (ii) upon the grant to  holders of the  Preferred  Shares of
certain  rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase  Preferred  Shares at a
price, or securities  convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then current  market price of the  Preferred  Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of indebtedness
or assets  (excluding  regular  periodic cash  dividends paid out of earnings or
retained  earnings or dividends  payable in Preferred Shares) or of subscription
rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

                  The  number  of  outstanding  Rights  and  the  number  of one
one-hundredths  of a Preferred  Share  issuable  upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares or
a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or  subdivisions,
consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in any such case,
prior to the Distribution Date.

                  Preferred Shares  purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will
not be  redeemable.  Each  Preferred  Share  will be  entitled  to an  aggregate
dividend of 100 times the dividend  declared per Common  Share.  In the event of
liquidation,  the  holders  of the  Preferred  Shares  will  be  entitled  to an
aggregate payment of 100 times the payment made per Common Share. Each Preferred
Share will have 100 votes,  voting together with the Common Shares.  Finally, in
the event of any merger,  consolidation  or other  transaction  in which  Common
Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to receive 100 times
the amount received per Common Share.
These rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.

                  Because  of the  nature  of the  Preferred  Shares'  dividend,
liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one one-hundredth  interest in a
Preferred Share  purchasable upon exercise of each Right should  approximate the
value of one Common Share.

                  In the event that,  after the Rights become  exercisable,  the
Company is acquired in a merger or other business  combination  transaction with
an Acquiring Person or an affiliate thereof,  or 50% or more of its consolidated
assets or earning power are sold to an Acquiring Person or an affiliate thereof,
proper  provision  will be made so that each  holder of a Right will  thereafter
have

                                      C-2
<PAGE>


the right to receive,  upon exercise  thereof at the then current exercise price
of the Right,  that number of shares of common  stock of the  acquiring  company
which at the time of such  transaction will have a market value of two times the
exercise price of the Right.

                  In the  event  that  any  person  or group  of  affiliated  or
associated  persons  becomes  the  beneficial  owner  of  15%  or  more  of  the
outstanding  Common  Shares  (except  pursuant to a tender  offer for all of the
Common Shares at a price and on terms determined by a majority of the Continuing
Directors to be fair to and  otherwise in the best  interests of the Company and
its stockholders) proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right,
other  than  Rights  beneficially  owned by the  Acquiring  Person  (which  will
thereafter  be void),  will  thereafter  have the right to receive upon exercise
that number of Common Shares (or cash,  other  securities or property)  having a
market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.

                  At any time  after  the  acquisition  by a person  or group of
affiliated or associated  persons of beneficial  ownership of 15% or more of the
outstanding  Common Shares and prior to the  acquisition by such person or group
of 50% or more of the outstanding  Common Shares,  the Board of Directors of the
Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group
which have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common
Share (or a fraction of a Preferred  Share having  equivalent  market value) per
Right (subject to adjustment).

                  With certain  exceptions,  no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative  adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price. No fractional  Preferred Shares will be issued (other
than fractions which are integral  multiples of one one-hundredth of a Preferred
Share,  which may, at the  election of the Company,  be evidenced by  depositary
receipts) and, in lieu thereof,  an adjustment in cash will be made based on the
market price of the  Preferred  Shares on the last trading day prior to the date
of exercise.

                  At any time  within ten (10)  business  days after a person or
group of affiliated or associated persons acquire beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of the  outstanding  Common Shares  (unless the Board of Directors  extends
such  ten-day  period),  the Board of  Directors  of the  Company may redeem the
Rights in whole,  but not in part, at a price of $.01 per Right (the "Redemption
Price"),  upon the  approval  of a majority  of the  Continuing  Directors.  The
redemption  of the rights may be made  effective  at such time on such basis and
with  such  conditions  as the Board of  Directors  in its sole  discretion  may
establish.  Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise
the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive  the  Redemption  Price.  The Rights  are also  redeemable  under  other
circumstances as specified in the Rights Agreement.

                  The  terms  of the  Rights  may be  amended  by the  Board  of
Directors  of the Company  without the consent of the holders of the Rights upon
the approval of a majority of the Continuing  Directors,  including an amendment
to lower certain thresholds  described above to not less than the

                                      C-3
<PAGE>


greater  of (i) any  percentage  greater  than  the  largest  percentage  of the
outstanding  Common Shares then known to the Company to be beneficially owned by
any person or group of  affiliated or  associated  persons and (ii) 15%,  except
that from and after a Distribution  Date no such amendment may adversely  affect
the interests of the holders of the Rights.

                  Until a Right is exercised,  the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company,  including,  without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

                  A copy  of the  Rights  Agreement  has  been  filed  with  the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration  Statement on
Form 8-A. A copy of the Rights  Agreement is  available  free of charge from the
Company.  This summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement,  which is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.

                                      C-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
