-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VStYoPKW/06XRRxQxOo0rOk2m8MrcyNpXNFDVO2BcVjuTQSeuj3O53xal4tbEYwh
 61ZC5cOyo41JTzFijjM36Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001012870-97-000727.txt : 19970414
<SEC-HEADER>0001012870-97-000727.hdr.sgml : 19970414
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012870-97-000727
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19970331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970411
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTODESK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000769397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				942819853
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14338
		FILM NUMBER:		97579155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 MCINNIS PKWY
		CITY:			SAN RAFAEL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94903
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4153322344

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 MCINNIS PKWY
		CITY:			SAN RAFAEL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94903
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C.  20549

                                   FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):     March 31, 1997
                                                      --------------------------


 
                                Autodesk, Inc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


     Delaware                     0-14338                94-2819853
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other                 (Commission              (IRS Employer
jurisdiction of                 File Number)           Identification Number)
incorporation)
 
                    111 McInnis Parkway, San Rafael, California         94903
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      (Address of principal executive offices)      (Zip Code)
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (415) 507-5000
                                                     --------------------------

                                     n/a 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 2.  ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.
         ------------------------------------ 

     On March 31, 1997 (the "Closing Date"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan
of Reorganization dated as of December 10, 1996, as amended on December 19, 1996
(the "Reorganization Agreement"), among Autodesk, Inc. ("Autodesk"), Autodesk
Acquisition Corporation ("Merger Sub"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Autodesk,
and Softdesk, Inc. ("Softdesk"), Autodesk acquired Softdesk by means of a
statutory merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub into Softdesk, with Softdesk
remaining as the surviving corporation in the Merger.  As a result of the
Merger, Softdesk became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Autodesk.  Softdesk
develops, markets and supports Computer Aided Design application software
products primarily for professionals, non-professional office users and home
users in the Architecture, Engineering and Construction market.  Merger Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of effecting the Merger.

     Pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement, each outstanding share of
Softdesk Common Stock was converted into the right to receive 0.477327 shares of
Autodesk Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio").  The Exchange Ratio was calculated
pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement by dividing $15.00 by the average of
the closing sales prices of Autodesk Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market for the five trading days immediately preceding the Closing
Date.  Based on the capitalization of Softdesk as of the Closing Date, Autodesk
issued approximately 2.9 million shares of Autodesk Common Stock to former
Softdesk stockholders in the Merger.  No fractional shares were issued in the
Merger.  Softdesk stockholders otherwise entitled to receive a fraction of a
share of Autodesk Common Stock in the Merger will instead receive an amount of
cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the average of the closing sales
prices of Autodesk Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market for
the ten trading days immediately preceding the Closing Date.

     All options to purchase Softdesk Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger were assumed by Autodesk pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement.

     The consideration paid by Autodesk for the outstanding capital stock of
Softdesk pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement was determined pursuant to
arms' length negotiations and took into account various factors concerning the
valuation of the business of Softdesk, including public market valuations of
comparable companies, discounted cash flows for Softdesk, and multiples paid in
recent acquisitions of comparable companies.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
ITEM 7.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.
         --------------------------------- 

     (a) Financial Statements of Softdesk, Inc.
         --------------------------------------

     Because the impact of the acquired business does not meet the minimum
materiality threshold of Rule 3-05(b)(2)(i) of Regulation S-X (17 C.F.R. (S)
210.3-05(b)(2)(i)), financial information of the acquired business is not
required to be filed pursuant to Item 7(a) of this Form 8-K.


     (b) Pro Forma Financial Information.
         ------------------------------- 

     Pro forma financial information is not required to be filed pursuant to
Item 7(b) of this Form 8-K because separate financial statements of the acquired
business are not included in this filing, see 17 C.F.R. (S) 210.11-01(c).
                                          ---                            

     (c)  Exhibits
          --------

           2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of December 10,
               1996, as amended on December 19, 1996 by and among Autodesk,
               Inc., Autodesk Acquisition Corporation and Softdesk, Inc.
               (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
               S-4 filed by Autodesk, Inc. on March 3, 1997 (file #333-22683)).

           2.2 Certificate of Merger merging Autodesk Acquisition Corporation
               with and into Softdesk, Inc., as filed with the Delaware
               Secretary of State on March 31, 1997. 

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


Dated:  April 11, 1997        AUTODESK, INC.


                              /s/ John E. Calonico
                              ---------------------------------------
                              John E. Calonico
                              Vice President, Finance and Acting Chief Financial
                              Officer
                              (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
 
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS
                               -----------------


     Exhibit
     Number  Description of Document
     ------  -----------------------


       2.1     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of December 10,
               1996, as amended on December 19, 1996 by and among Autodesk,
               Inc., Autodesk Acquisition Corporation and Softdesk, Inc.
               (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
               S-4 filed by Autodesk, Inc. on March 3, 1997 (file #333-22683)).

       2.2     Certificate of Merger merging Autodesk Acquisition Corporation
               with and into Softdesk, Inc., as filed with the Delaware
               Secretary of State on March 31, 1997 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2

                             CERTIFICATE OF MERGER

                                    MERGING

                       AUTODESK ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                 WITH AND INTO

                                 SOFTDESK, INC.

           PURSUANT TO SECTION 251 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF
                             THE STATE OF DELAWARE

     Softdesk, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Softdesk"), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS
FOLLOWS:

     FIRST: That Softdesk was incorporated on November 30, 1993 pursuant to the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), and Autodesk Acquisition
Corporation ("Merger Sub") was incorporated on December 9, 1996 pursuant to the
DGCL.

     SECOND: That an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December
10, 1996, as amended on December 19, 1996 (as amended, the "Agreement"), among
Autodesk, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Merger Sub and Softdesk, setting forth
the terms and conditions of the merger of Merger Sub with and into Softdesk (the
"Merger"), has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and acknowledged by
each of the constituent corporations in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL.

     THIRD: That the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") shall
be Softdesk, which shall retain the name "Softdesk, Inc."

     FOURTH: That pursuant to the Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Surviving Corporation is amended and restated to read in its entirety as set
forth in Exhibit A hereto.
         ---------        

     FIFTH: That an executed copy of the Agreement is on file at the principal
place of business of the Surviving Corporation at the following address:

               Softdesk, Inc.
               7 Liberty Hill Road
               Henniker, New Hampshire  03242

     SIXTH: That a copy of the Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving
Corporation, on request and without cost, to any stockholder of any constituent
corporation.
<PAGE>
 
     SEVENTH: That the Merger shall become effective upon the filing of this
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Softdesk has caused this Certificate of Merger to be
executed in its corporate name this 31st day of March, 1997.


                                    SOFTDESK, INC.



                                    By:  /s/ DAVID C. ARNOLD
                                         -------------------
                                         David C. Arnold, President and
                                         Chief Executive Officer
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT A
                                   ---------


                     RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                               OF SOFTDESK, INC.


                                   ARTICLE I
                                   ---------

          The name of this corporation is Softdesk, Inc. (the "Corporation").


                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

          The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of
Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, County of New
Castle.  The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation
Trust Company.


                                  ARTICLE III
                                  -----------

          The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by
the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which
corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

          The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is 1,000 to be designated Common Stock, with the par value of
$0.01 per share.


                                   ARTICLE V
                                   ---------

          The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

          Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless a
stockholder demands election by written ballot at the meeting and before voting
begins or unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.
<PAGE>
 
                                  ARTICLE VII
                                  -----------

          The number of directors which constitute the whole Board of Directors
of the Corporation shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

          In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by
statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or
repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.


                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

          (a) To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General
Corporation Law as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of
the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.

          (b) Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the
adoption of any provision of this Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation
inconsistent with this Article IX, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this
Article IX, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding
accruing or arising or that, but for this Article IX, would accrue or arise,
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.


                                   ARTICLE X
                                   ---------

     1.     Actions, Suits and Proceedings Other than by or in the Right of the
            -------------------------------------------------------------------
Corporation.  The Corporation shall indemnify each person who was or is a party
- -----------                                                                    
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by
reason of the fact that he is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or
officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the
request of the Corporation, as a director, officer or trustee of, or in a
similar capacity with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan) (all such persons being
referred to hereafter as an "Indemnitee"), or by reason of any action alleged to
have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit
or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he acted in good faith and in a
manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of
the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.  The termination of any
action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
        ---- ----------                                                  
presumption that the person did not act in 
<PAGE>
 
good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed
to, the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, except as
set forth in Section 7 below, the Corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee
seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof)
initiated by the Indemnitee unless the initiation thereof was approved by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation.

     2.     Actions or Suits by or in the Right of the Corporation.  The
            ------------------------------------------------------      
Corporation shall indemnify any Indemnitee who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or
suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by
reason of the fact that he is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or
officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the
request of the Corporation, as a director, officer or trustee of, or in a
similar capacity with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan), or by reason of any
action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all
expenses (including attorneys' fees) and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit
or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he acted in good faith and in a
manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of
the Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be
liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of
Chancery of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall
determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of such liability but
in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses (including attorneys' fees)
which the Court of Chancery of Delaware or such other court shall deem proper.

     3.     Indemnification for Expenses of Successful Party.  Notwithstanding
            ------------------------------------------------   
the other provisions of this Article, to the extent that an Indemnitee has been
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of any action, suit or
proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article, or in defense of any
claim, issue or matter therein, or on appeal from any such action, suit or
proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all expenses (including attorneys'
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection
therewith.  Without limiting the foregoing, if any action, suit or proceeding is
disposed of, on the merits or otherwise (including a disposition without
prejudice), without (i) the disposition being adverse to the Indemnitee, (ii) an
adjudication that the Indemnitee was liable to the Corporation, (iii) a plea of
guilty or nolo contendere by the Indemnitee, (iv) an adjudication that the
          ---- ----------                                                 
Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and (v) with
respect to any criminal proceeding, an adjudication that the Indemnitee had
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, the Indemnitee shall be
considered for the purposes hereof to have been wholly successful with respect
thereto.

     4.     Notification and Defense of Claim.  As a condition precedent to his
            ---------------------------------                                  
right to be indemnified, the Indemnitee must notify the Corporation in writing
as soon as practicable of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
involving him for which indemnity will or could be sought.
<PAGE>
 
With respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the
Corporation is so notified, the Corporation will be entitled to participate
therein at its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof at its own
expense, with legal counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee. After
notice from the Corporation to the Indemnitee of its election so to assume such
defense, the Corporation shall not be liable to the Indemnitee for any legal or
other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such
claim, other than as provided below in this Section 4. The Indemnitee shall have
the right to employ his own counsel in connection with such claim, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the Corporation of its
assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee
unless (i) the employment of counsel by the Indemnitee has been authorized by
the Corporation, (ii) counsel to the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded
that there may be a conflict of interest or position on any significant issue
between the Corporation and the Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of such
action or (iii) the Corporation shall not in fact have employed counsel to
assume the defense of such action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses
of counsel for the Indemnitee shall be at the expense of the Corporation, except
as otherwise expressly provided by this Article. The Corporation shall not be
entitled, without the consent of the Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any
claim brought by or in the right of the Corporation or as to which counsel for
the Indemnitee shall have reasonably made the conclusion provided for in clause
(ii) above.

    5.      Advance of Expenses.  Subject to the provisions of Section 6 below,
            -------------------      
in the event that the Corporation does not assume the defense pursuant to
Section 4 of this Article of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of
which the Corporation receives notice under this Article, any expenses
(including attorneys' fees) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending a civil or
criminal action, suit, proceeding or investigation or any appeal therefrom shall
be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter;
provided, however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by an Indemnitee
- -----------------
in advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made only upon
receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay all amounts
so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that the
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in
this Article. Such undertaking may be accepted without reference to the
financial ability of such person to make such repayment.

     6.     Procedure for Indemnification.  In order to obtain indemnification
             -----------------------------     
or advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 1, 2, 3 or 5 of this Article, the
Indemnitee shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including in such
request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the
Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent
the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses.  Any
such indemnification or advancement of expenses shall be made promptly, and in
any event within 60 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request
of the Indemnitee, unless with respect to requests under Section 1, 2 or 5 the
Corporation determines within such 60-day period  that the Indemnitee did not
meet the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or 2, as the case
may be.  Such determination shall be made in each instance by (a) a majority
vote of a quorum of the directors of the Corporation consisting of persons who
are not at that time parties to the action, suit or proceeding in question
("disinterested directors"), (b) if no such quorum is obtainable, a majority
vote of a committee of two or more disinterested directors, (c) a majority
<PAGE>
 
vote of a quorum of the outstanding shares of stock of all classes entitled to
vote for directors, voting as a single class, which quorum shall consist of
stockholders who are not at that time parties to the action, suit or proceeding
in question, (d) independent legal counsel (who may be regular legal counsel to
the Corporation), or (e) a court of competent jurisdiction.

      7.    Remedies.  The right to indemnification or advances as granted by
            --------     
the Article shall be enforceable by the Indemnitee in any court of competent
jurisdiction if the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or if
no disposition thereof is made within the 60-day period referred to above in
Section 6.  Unless otherwise required by law, the burden of proving that the
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses under
the Article shall be on the Corporation.  Neither the failure of the Corporation
to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that
indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met
the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the
Corporation pursuant to Section 6 that the Indemnity has not met the applicable
standard of conduct shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption
that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  The
Indemnitee's expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with
successfully establishing his right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in
any such proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation.

     8.     Subsequent Amendment.  No amendment, termination or repeal of this
            --------------------                                              
Article or of the relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware
or any other applicable laws shall affect or diminish in any way the rights of
any Indemnitee to indemnification under the provisions hereof with respect to
any action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to any
actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such
amendment, termination or repeal.

     9.     Other Rights.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses
            ------------                                                  
provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
which an Indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be
entitled under any law (common or statutory), agreement or vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official
capacity and as to action in any other capacity while holding office for the
Corporation, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a
director or officer, and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs,
executors and administrators of the Indemnitee.  Nothing contained in this
Article shall be deemed to prohibit, and the Corporation is specifically
authorized to enter into, agreements with officers and directors providing
indemnification rights and procedures different from those set forth in this
Article.  In addition, the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time
to time by its Board of Directors, grant indemnification rights to other
employees or agents of the Corporation or other persons serving the Corporation
and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth
in this Article.


     10.    Partial Indemnification.  If an Indemnitee is entitled under any
            -----------------------                                         
provision of this Article to indemnification by the Corporation for some or a
portion of the expenses (including attorneys' 
<PAGE>
 
fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation and any appeal therefrom but not, however, for the total amount
thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the
portion of such expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines or
amounts paid in settlement to which the Indemnitee is entitled.

     11.    Insurance.  The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at
            ---------                                                          
its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of
the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan) against any expense,
liability or loss incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his
status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify
such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General
Corporation Law of Delaware.

     12.    Merger or Consolidation.  If the Corporation is merged into or
            -----------------------                                       
consolidated with another corporation and the Corporation is not the surviving
corporation, the surviving corporation shall assume the obligations of the
Corporation under this Article with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or
investigation arising out of or relating to any actions, transactions or facts
occurring prior to the date of such merger or consolidation.

     13.    Savings Clause.  If this Article or any portion hereof shall be
            --------------                                                 
invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the
Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Indemnitee as to any expenses
(including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in
connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, including an action by or in the right of the
Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this
Article that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law.

     14.    Definitions.  Terms used herein and defined in Section 145(h) and
            -----------                                                      
Section 145(i) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware shall have the
respective meanings assigned to such terms in such Section 145(h) and Section
145(i).

     15.    Subsequent Legislation.  If the General Corporation Law of Delaware
            ----------------------
is amended after adoption of this Article to expand further the indemnification
permitted to Indemnitees, then the Corporation shall indemnify such persons to
the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware, as so
amended.


                                   ARTICLE XI
                                   ----------

          Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide.  The books of the Corporation may be kept
(subject to any provision contained in the statutes) outside of the State of
Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the
Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
