-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LDx+U1lOjhJw31Y3bIHRtTBHdnJpKkQg1v5ygs1N/rCXWv5a0h8PK+xJB3zyGYZz
 24bjpKHaJm4AYZUsqcoCEA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001047469-98-033663.txt : 19980904
<SEC-HEADER>0001047469-98-033663.hdr.sgml : 19980904
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-98-033663
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19980903
ITEM INFORMATION:		
ITEM INFORMATION:		
FILED AS OF DATE:		19980903
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADOBE SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000796343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				770019522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15175
		FILM NUMBER:		98704051

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110-2704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4159614400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 7900
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94039-7900
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                               Washington, D.C.  20549

                             ----------------------------

                                       FORM 8-K

                                    CURRENT REPORT

                        Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                           Securities Exchange Act of 1934


         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 3, 1998


                              Adobe Systems Incorporated
                (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


  Delaware                           0-15175                     77-0019522
(State or other                    (Commission                (I.R.S. Employer
jurisdiction of                    File Number)              Identification No.)
incorporation)


345 Park Avenue
San Jose, California                                                  95110-2704
(Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (408) 536-6000


                -----------------------------------------------------
                (Former name or address, if changed since last report)



<PAGE>

                                          2

ITEM 5.  OTHER EVENTS.

          On September 3, 1998, the Registrant's Board of Directors approved
certain amendments to the Registrant's Amended and Restated Bylaws related to
(i) the advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals to be brought
before meetings of stockholders, (ii) the requirements for stockholder
nominations of persons for election as directors and (iii) fixing record dates.

          A copy of the Amended and restated Bylaws of the Registrant is
attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.  The
foregoing description of the changes to the Registrant's Amended and Restated
Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Amended and Restated Bylaws attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2.

ITEM 7.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

     (a)  Financial statements of businesses acquired.

          Not applicable.

     (b)  Pro forma financial information.

          Not applicable.

     (c)  Exhibits.

          3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws


<PAGE>

                                          3

                                      SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                        ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED


Date:   September 3, 1998               By:   /s/  Colleen M. Pouliot
                                             ---------------------------------
                                             Name: Colleen M. Pouliot
                                             Title: Senior Vice President
                                                    and General Counsel


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

EXHIBIT
  NO.          DESCRIPTION
- -------        -----------
<S>            <C>
  3.2          Amended and Restated Bylaws.

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 3.2


                                AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                       BYLAWS

                                         OF

                             ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED









                              DATED SEPTEMBER 3, 1998


<PAGE>

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
<S>                                                                         <C>
                                      ARTICLE I

                                       OFFICES

SECTION 1.  REGISTERED OFFICE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
SECTION 2.  OTHER OFFICES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

                                     ARTICLE II

                                   CORPORATE SEAL

SECTION 3.  CORPORATE SEAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

                                     ARTICLE III

                                STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS

SECTION 4.  PLACE OF MEETINGS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
SECTION 5.  ANNUAL MEETING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
SECTION 6.  SPECIAL MEETINGS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
SECTION 7.  NOTICE OF MEETINGS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
SECTION 8.  QUORUM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
SECTION 9.  ADJOURNMENT AND NOTICE OF ADJOURNED MEETINGS . . . . . . . . . . . 6
SECTION 10.  VOTING RIGHTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
SECTION 11.  JOINT OWNERS OF STOCK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
SECTION 12.  LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
SECTION 13.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
SECTION 14.  ORGANIZATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

                                      ARTICLE IV

                                      DIRECTORS

SECTION 15.  NUMBER AND TERM OF OFFICE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
SECTION 16.  POWERS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
SECTION 17.  CLASSES OF DIRECTORS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
SECTION 18.  VACANCIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
SECTION 19.  RESIGNATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
SECTION 20.  REMOVAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9


                                         (i)
<PAGE>


SECTION 21.  MEETINGS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
SECTION 22.  QUORUM AND VOTING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
SECTION 23.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
SECTION 24.  FEES AND COMPENSATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .11
SECTION 25.  COMMITTEES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .11
SECTION 26.  ORGANIZATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12

                                      ARTICLE V

                                       OFFICERS

SECTION 27.  OFFICERS DESIGNATED . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13
SECTION 28.  TENURE AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13
SECTION 29.  DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
SECTION 30.  RESIGNATIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
SECTION 31.  REMOVAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15

                                      ARTICLE VI

                  EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF
                         SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION

SECTION 32.  EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
SECTION 33.  VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION . . . . . . . . . .16

                                     ARTICLE VII

                                   SHARES OF STOCK

SECTION 34.  FORM AND EXECUTION OF CERTIFICATES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16
SECTION 35.  LOST CERTIFICATES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
SECTION 36.  TRANSFERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
SECTION 37.  FIXING RECORD DATES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
SECTION 38.  REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18

                                     ARTICLE VIII

                         OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION

SECTION 39.  EXECUTION OF OTHER SECURITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18


                                         (ii)
<PAGE>


                                      ARTICLE IX

                                      DIVIDENDS

SECTION 40.  DECLARATION OF DIVIDENDS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
SECTION 41.  DIVIDEND RESERVE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19

                                      ARTICLE X

                                     FISCAL YEAR

SECTION 42.  FISCAL YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19

                                      ARTICLE XI

                                   INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 43.  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,
                  OTHER OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS . . . . . . . . .19

                                     ARTICLE XII

                                       NOTICES

SECTION 44.  NOTICES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23

                                     ARTICLE XIII

                                      AMENDMENT

SECTION 45.  AMENDMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25

                                     ARTICLE XIV

                                  LOANS TO OFFICERS

SECTION 46.  LOANS TO OFFICERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25

                                      ARTICLE XV

                                    MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 47.  ANNUAL REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25
</TABLE>

                                        (iii)
<PAGE>


                                AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                       BYLAWS

                                         OF

                             ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED


                                     ARTICLE I

                                      OFFICES

          SECTION 1.  REGISTERED OFFICE.  The registered office of the
corporation in the State of Delaware shall be in the City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle.

          SECTION 2.  OTHER OFFICES.  The corporation shall also have and
maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed
by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices at such other places, both
within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time
to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.


                                     ARTICLE II

                                   CORPORATE SEAL

          SECTION 3.  CORPORATE SEAL.  The corporate seal shall consist of a die
bearing the name of the corporation and the inscription, "Corporate
Seal-Delaware."  Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to
be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.


                                    ARTICLE III

                               STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS

          SECTION 4.  PLACE OF MEETINGS.  Meetings of the stockholders of the
corporation shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of
Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or,
if not so designated, then at the office of the corporation required to be
maintained pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

          SECTION 5.  ANNUAL MEETING.  (a)  The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and
for such other business as may lawfully


<PAGE>

                                          2

come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated
from time to time by the Board of Directors.

          (b)  At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business
shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting.  To
be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be: (A) specified in
the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors, (B) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by
or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (C) otherwise properly brought
before the meeting by a stockholder of record of the corporation who was a
stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice provided for in
this paragraph (b) and who is entitled to vote at the meeting.  For business to
be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder
must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the
corporation.  To be timely, a stockholder proposal to be presented at an annual
meeting shall be received at the corporation's principal executive offices not
less than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the first
anniversary of the date that the corporation's (or the corporation's
predecessor's) proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with
the previous year's annual meeting of stockholders; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in
the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of
the annual meeting has been changed by more than thirty (30) days from the date
contemplated at the time of the previous year's proxy statement, notice by the
stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of
business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which a notice of the date
of the meeting was mailed or a public announcement thereof was made.  A
stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the
stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (i) a brief description
of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons
for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the text of the
proposal to be presented at the annual meeting, (iii) a statement in support of
the proposal, (iv) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in
person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the
meeting, (v) the name and address, as they appear on the corporation's books, of
the stockholder proposing such business, (vi) the class and number of shares of
the corporation which are beneficially owned by the stockholder, (vii) any
material interest of the stockholder in such business and a description of all
arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and any other person or
persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business
by such stockholder and (viii) any other information that is required to be
provided by the stockholder pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), in his capacity as a
proponent of a stockholder proposal.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to
include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy
statement and form of proxy for a stockholder's meeting, stockholders must
provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act.
Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this paragraph (b).  The chairman of the annual meeting shall, if the
facts warrant,


<PAGE>

                                          3

determine and declare at the meeting that business was not properly brought
before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (b),
and, if he should so determine, he shall so declare at the meeting that any such
business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.

          (c)  Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in this paragraph (c) shall be eligible for election as 
directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of 
the corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders by or at the 
direction of the Board of Directors or by any stockholder of record of the 
corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the 
notice provided for in this paragraph (c) and who is entitled to vote in the 
election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice 
procedures set forth in this paragraph (c).  Any such nomination, other than 
those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall, if made 
in connection with the election of directors (i) at an annual meeting of 
stockholders, be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary 
of the corporation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this 
Section 5 and (ii) at a special meeting of stockholders, be made pursuant to 
timely notice given in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph (b) of 
Section 6 of these Bylaws.  Any such nomination, other than those made by or 
at the direction of the Board of Directors, whether made in connection with 
the election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a special 
meeting of stockholders, shall set forth (i) as to each person, if any, whom 
the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a 
director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such 
person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the 
class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially owned by 
such person, (D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between 
the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such 
person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the 
stockholder, and (E) any other information relating to such person that is 
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of 
directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A 
under the 1934 Act (including without limitation such person's written 
consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to 
serving as a director if elected); and (ii) as to such stockholder giving 
notice, the information required to be provided pursuant to paragraph (b) of 
this Section 5. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person 
nominated by a stockholder for election as a director shall furnish to the 
Secretary of the corporation that information required to be set forth in the 
stockholder's notice of nomination which pertains to the nominee.  No person 
shall be eligible for election as a director of the corporation unless 
nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph (c).  
The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and 
declare at the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the 
procedures prescribed by these Bylaws, and if he should so determine, he 
shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be 
disregarded.

          (d)  For purposes of this Section 5, "public announcement" shall mean
disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated
Press, Business Wire or comparable national news service or in a document
publicly filed by the


<PAGE>

                                          4

corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13,
14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act.

          SECTION 6.  SPECIAL MEETINGS. (a)  Special meetings of the
stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by
(i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, (ii) the President, (iii) the Board
of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number
of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously
authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the
Board of Directors for adoption) or (iv) by the holders of shares entitled to
cast not less than ten percent (10%) of the votes at the meeting, and shall be
held at such place, on such date, and at such time, as the Board of Directors
shall fix.

          (b)  At a special meeting of the stockholders, only such business 
shall be conducted and nominations for election of directors (including the 
filling of vacancies or newly created directorships) made as shall have been 
properly brought before the meeting.  To be properly brought before a special 
meeting, business or nominations must be: (A) specified in the notice of 
meeting (or any supplement thereto) or (B) in the case of a meeting called by 
stockholders, properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of record 
of the corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving 
of the notice provided for in this paragraph (b) and who is entitled to vote 
at the meeting.  For business or nominations to be properly brought before a 
special meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely 
notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation.  To be timely, 
a stockholder proposal or nomination to be presented at a special meeting 
must be delivered on or prior to the time of delivery of the stockholder's 
request for the establishment of a record date delivered pursuant to Section 
37 of these Bylaws and such stockholder proposal or nomination must include 
the information required by these Bylaws to be included in any solicitation 
materials provided to any stockholder in connection with a Special Meeting 
Call (as defined below).  If a special meeting is called by any stockholder 
or stockholders (other than the Chairman of the Board, the President or the 
Board of Directors acting in their respective capacities as such), the call 
shall be in writing (the "Special Meeting Call") and the stockholder of 
record which seeks to have the stockholders authorize the calling of the 
special meeting shall set forth, in the solicitation materials provided to 
stockholders requesting them to join in or otherwise authorize the Special 
Meeting Call, as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the 
special meeting: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be 
brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such 
business at the special meeting (including, to the extent the business to be 
conducted involves the nomination of one or more persons for election as 
director, the information required to be included in a stockholder's notice 
of nomination pursuant to Section 5(c) of these Bylaws), (ii) the text of the 
proposal to be presented at the special meeting, (iii) a statement in support 
of the proposal, (iv) a representation that such stockholder intends to 
appear in person or by proxy at the special meeting to bring such business 
before the meeting, (v) the name and address, as they appear on the 
corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business, (vi) the 
class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially owned by 
the stockholder, (vii) any material interest of the stockholder in such 
business and a description of all arrangements or understandings between such 
stockholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in 
connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and

<PAGE>

                                          5

(viii) any other information that is required to be provided by the stockholder
pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act, in his capacity as a proponent of
a stockholder proposal.  The Special Meeting Call shall be delivered personally
or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the
Secretary of the corporation.  No business may be transacted at such special
meeting other than in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph
(b).  The Board of Directors shall determine the time and place of such special
meeting, which shall be held not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than one
hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the receipt of the Special Meeting
Call.  Upon determination of the time and place of the meeting, the officer
receiving the Special Meeting Call shall cause notice to be given to the
stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of
these Bylaws.  If the notice is not given within sixty (60) days after the
receipt of the Special Meeting Call, the person or persons requesting the
meeting may set the time and place of the meeting and give the notice.  Nothing
contained in this paragraph (b) shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or
affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or the Board of Directors may
be held.

          SECTION 7.  NOTICE OF MEETINGS.  Except as otherwise provided by law
or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of each meeting of
stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60)
days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such
meeting, such notice to specify the place, date and hour and purpose or purposes
of the meeting.  Notice of the time, place and purpose of any meeting of
stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice
thereof, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any
stockholder by his attendance thereat in person or by proxy, except when the
stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened.  Any stockholder so waiving notice of such
meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as
if due notice thereof had been given.

          SECTION 8.  QUORUM.  At all meetings of stockholders, except where
otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by
these Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.  In the absence of a
quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, either
by the chairman of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such
meeting.  The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at
which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment,
notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a
quorum.  Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, all action taken by the holders of a majority of the vote
cast, excluding abstentions, at


<PAGE>

                                          6

any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be valid and binding upon the
corporation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that directors shall be elected by a plurality
of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the
meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors.  Where a separate
vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise
provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series,
present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled
to take action with respect to that vote on that matter and, except where
otherwise provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or
these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of
the election of directors) of the votes cast, including abstentions, by the
holders of shares of such class or classes or series shall be the act of such
class or classes or series.

          SECTION 9.  ADJOURNMENT AND NOTICE OF ADJOURNED MEETINGS.  Any meeting
of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time
either by the chairman of the meeting or by the vote of a majority of the shares
casting votes, excluding abstentions.  When a meeting is adjourned to another
time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and
place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.
At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business, which might
have been transacted at the original meeting.  If the adjournment is for more
than thirty (30) days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for
the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

          SECTION 10.  VOTING RIGHTS.  For the purpose of determining those
stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as
otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock
records of the corporation on the record date, as provided in Section 12 of
these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders.  Every
person entitled to vote shall have the right to do so either in person or by an
agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with Delaware law.
An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder.  No proxy shall be voted after
three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer
period.

          SECTION 11.  JOINT OWNERS OF STOCK.  If shares or other securities
having voting power stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons,
whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common,
tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or more persons have the
same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is
given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the
instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is
so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect:
(a) if only one (1) votes, his or her act binds all; (b) if more than one (1)
votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one (1)
votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may
vote the securities in


<PAGE>

                                          7

question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for
relief as provided in the General Corporation Law of Delaware, Section 217(b).
If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held
in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c)
shall be a majority or even-split in interest.

          SECTION 12.  LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS.  The Secretary shall prepare and
make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete
list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in
alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of
shares registered in the name of each stockholder.  Such list shall be open to
the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting,
during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to
the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held,
which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not
specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held.  The list shall be
produced and kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof
and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

          SECTION 13.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING.  No action shall be taken by the
stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called in
accordance with these Bylaws, and no action shall be taken by the stockholders
by written consent.

          SECTION 14.  ORGANIZATION.  (a)  At every meeting of stockholders, the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or
is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or if the Chief Executive has not been
appointed or is absent, the President, or, if the President is absent, a
chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders
entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairman.  The
Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to do so
by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

          (b)  The Board of Directors of the corporation shall be entitled to
make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it
shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient.  Subject to such rules and
regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall
have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures
and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary,
appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including,
without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the
meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the
safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to
stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and
constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairman shall permit,
restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement
thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by
participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for
balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot.  Unless and to the
extent determined



<PAGE>

                                          8

by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of
stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of
parliamentary procedure.

                                      ARTICLE IV

                                      DIRECTORS

          SECTION 15.  NUMBER AND TERM OF OFFICE.  The authorized number of
directors of the corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate
of Incorporation.  Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the
Certificate of Incorporation.  If for any cause, the directors shall not have
been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as
convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose in
the manner provided in these Bylaws.

          SECTION 16.  POWERS.  The powers of the corporation shall be
exercised, its business conducted and its property controlled by the Board of
Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate
of Incorporation.

          SECTION 17.  CLASSES OF DIRECTORS.  Subject to the rights of the
holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under
specified circumstances, the directors shall be divided into two classes
designated as Class I and Class II, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to
each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board
of Directors.  At the first annual meeting of stockholders following November
30, 1997, the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class I
directors shall be elected for a full term of two years.  At the second annual
meeting of stockholders following November 30, 1997, the term of office of the
Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a
full term of two years.  At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders,
directors shall be elected for a full term of two years to succeed the directors
of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Section, each director shall serve until his
successor is duly elected and qualified or until his death, resignation or
removal.  No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of
Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

          SECTION 18.  VACANCIES.  Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate
of Incorporation, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death,
resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors, shall
unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies
or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even
though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors.  Any director elected in
accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of
the full term of the director for which the vacancy


<PAGE>

                                          9

was created or occurred and until such director's successor shall have been
elected and qualified.  A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to
exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any
director.

          SECTION 19.  RESIGNATION.  Any director may resign at any time by
delivering his written resignation to the Secretary, such resignation to specify
whether it will be effective at a particular time, upon receipt by the Secretary
or at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.  If no such specification is made,
it shall be deemed effective at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.  When
one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a
future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who
have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote
thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become
effective, and each Director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired
portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacated and until his
successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

          SECTION 20.  REMOVAL.  Subject to the rights of the holders of any
series of Preferred Stock, the Board of Directors or any individual director may
be removed from office at any time with or without cause by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding
shares of voting stock of the corporation, entitled to vote at an election of
directors (the "Voting Stock").

          SECTION 21.  MEETINGS.  (a)  ANNUAL MEETINGS.  The annual meeting of
the Board of Directors shall be held immediately before or after the annual
meeting of stockholders and may be at the place where such meeting is held.  No
notice of an annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be necessary and
such meeting shall be held for the purpose of electing officers and transacting
such other business as may lawfully come before it.

          (b)       REGULAR MEETINGS.  Except as hereinafter otherwise 
provided, regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held in the 
office of the corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 
hereof. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, 
regular meetings of the Board of Directors may also be held at any place 
within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by 
resolution of the Board of Directors or the written consent of all directors.

          (c)       SPECIAL MEETINGS.  Unless otherwise restricted by the
Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be
held at any time and place within or without the State of Delaware whenever
called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or any two of the directors.


          (d)       TELEPHONE MEETINGS.  Any member of the Board of Directors,
or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference
telephone or similar


<PAGE>

                                          10

communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the
meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting.

          (e)       NOTICE OF MEETINGS.  Notice of the time and place of all
special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be orally or in writing, by
telephone, facsimile, electronic mail, telegraph or telex, during normal
business hours, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date and time of the
meeting, or sent in writing to each director by first class mail, charges
prepaid, at least three (3) days before the date of the meeting.  Notice of any
meeting may be waived in writing at any time before or after the meeting and
will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director
attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of
the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened.

          (f)       WAIVER OF NOTICE.  The transaction of all business at any
meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or
noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly
held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before
or after the meeting, each of the directors not present shall sign a written
waiver of notice.  All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or
made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

          SECTION 22.  QUORUM AND VOTING.  (a)  Unless the Certificate of
Incorporation requires a greater number and except with respect to
indemnification questions arising under Section 43 hereof, for which a quorum
shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation, a quorum of the Board of
Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed
from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate
of Incorporation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, at any meeting whether a quorum be present
or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time
until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors,
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting.

          (b)       At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum
is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required
by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

          SECTION 23.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING.  Unless otherwise restricted by
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of
Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in


<PAGE>

                                          11

writing, and such writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the Board of Directors or committee.

          SECTION 24.  FEES AND COMPENSATION.  Directors shall be entitled to
such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of
Directors, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a
fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or
special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of
the Board of Directors.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude
any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer,
agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor.

          SECTION 25.  COMMITTEES.  (a)  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.  The Board of
Directors may by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors
appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one (1) or more members of the
Board of Directors.  The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law and
provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise
all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the corporation, including without limitation the power
or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock and to
adopt a certificate of ownership and merger, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such
committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the
Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent
authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of
shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors fix the designations and any
of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption,
dissolution, any distribution of assets of the corporation or the conversion
into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes
or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the
corporation or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the
increase or decrease of the shares of any series), adopting an agreement of
merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or
exchange of all or substantially all of the corporation's property and assets,
recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a
revocation of a dissolution, or amending the bylaws of the corporation.

          (b)       OTHER COMMITTEES.  The Board of Directors may, by resolution
passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, from time to time appoint
such other committees as may be permitted by law.  Such other committees
appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) or more members of
the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may
be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in
no event shall such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee
in these Bylaws.


<PAGE>

                                          12

          (c)       TERM.  Each member of a committee of the Board of Directors
shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until his or her
successors shall have been duly elected, unless sooner removed.  The Board of
Directors, subject to the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Bylaw may
at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or
terminate the existence of a committee.  The membership of a committee member
shall terminate on the date of his death or voluntary resignation from the
committee or from the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may at any
time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of
Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal
or increase in the number of members of the committee.  The Board of Directors
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who
may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee,
and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a
committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.

          (d)       MEETINGS.  Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise
provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee
appointed pursuant to this Section 25 shall be held at such times and places as
are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when
notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further
notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter.  Special meetings of
any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time
to time by such committee, and may be called by any director who is a member of
such committee, upon written notice to the members of such committee of the
time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the
giving of written notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and
place of special meetings of the Board of Directors.  Notice of any special
meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time before or after
the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except
when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.  A majority of the
authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at
any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee.

          SECTION 26.  ORGANIZATION.  At every meeting of the directors, the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or
is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or if the Chief Executive Officer is
absent, the President, or if the President is absent, the most senior Vice
President, or, in the absence of any such officer, a chairman of the meeting
chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting.
The Secretary, or in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to do
so by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting.


<PAGE>

                                          13

                                      ARTICLE V

                                       OFFICERS

          SECTION 27.  OFFICERS DESIGNATED.  The officers of the corporation
shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chairmen of
the Board of Directors (such officers to comprise the Office of the Chairman of
the Board of Directors), the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more
Vice Presidents, the Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer, all of whom
shall be appointed at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors.  Effective
September 19, 1997, the Office of the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall
be held jointly by the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the
Corporation.  The Board of Directors (or if so empowered in accordance with this
Section 27) may also appoint other officers and agents with such powers and
duties as it shall deem necessary.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of
Directors may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation to appoint
such officers, other than Chairmen of the Board, President, Secretary or Chief
Financial Officer, as the business of the corporation may require.  The Board of
Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it
shall deem appropriate.  Any one person may hold any number of offices of the
corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law.
The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be
fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors or a designated
committee of the Board of Directors.

          SECTION 28.  TENURE AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS.  (a)  GENERAL.  All
officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until
their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner
removed.  Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be
removed at any time by the Board of Directors.  If the office of any officer
becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of
Directors.

          (b)       DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMEN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  Either 
of the officers comprising the Office of the Chairman of the Board, when 
present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of 
Directors.  The Chairmen of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties 
commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties 
and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from 
time to time.  If either position of Chief Executive Officer or President is 
vacant, then the remaining officer shall serve as the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in this 
paragraph 28(b).

          (c)       DUTIES OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.  Subject to such
supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the
Chairman of the Board, if there by such an officer, the Chief Executive Officer
shall be the general manager and chief executive officer of the corporation and
shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general


<PAGE>

                                          14

supervision, direction, and control of the business and officers of the
corporation.  He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and
shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the
office of chief executive officer of a corporation, and shall have other powers
and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.

          (d)       DUTIES OF PRESIDENT.  In the absence or disability of the
Chief Executive Officer, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief
Executive Officer and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be
subject to all of the restrictions upon, the Chief Executive Officer.  The
President shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from
time to time may be prescribed for the President by the Board of Directors or
the Chief Executive Officer.

          (e)       DUTIES OF VICE PRESIDENTS.  In the absence or disability of
the President, the Vice Presidents in order of their rank as fixed by the Board
of Directors, or if not ranked, the Vice President designated by the Board of
Directors, shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting shall
have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the
President.  The Vice Presidents shall have such other powers and perform such
other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the
Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President.

          (f)       DUTIES OF SECRETARY.  The Secretary shall keep, or cause to
be kept, a book of minutes in written form of the proceedings of the Board of
Directors, committees of the Board, and stockholders.  Such minutes shall
include all waivers of notice, consents to the holding of meetings, or approvals
of the minutes of meetings executed pursuant to these Bylaws or the Delaware
General Corporation Law.  The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept at the
principal executive office or at the office of the corporation's transfer agent
or registrar, a record of its stockholders, giving the name and addresses of all
stockholders and the number and class of shares held by each.  The Secretary
shall give or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and
of the Board of Directors required by these Bylaws or by law to be given, and
shall keep the seal of the corporation in safe custody, and shall have such
other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President.

          (g)       DUTIES OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER.  The Chief Financial
Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate
and correct books and records of account in written form or any other form
capable of being converted into written form.  The Chief Financial Officer shall
deposit all monies and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the
corporation with such depositories as may be designated by the Board of
Directors.  He or she shall disburse all funds of the corporation as may be
ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the President, Chief
Executive Officer and Directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of
his or her transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial
condition


<PAGE>

                                          15

of the corporation, shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or her
office and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be
prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the
President.  The Chief Executive Officer or President may direct the Vice
President Finance to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial
Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and the
Vice President Finance shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or
her office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the
Chief Financial Officer shall designate from time to time.

          SECTION 29.  DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY.  The Board of Directors may from
time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer
or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof.

          SECTION 30.  RESIGNATIONS.  Any officer may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the President or to the
Secretary.  Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person
or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified
therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later
time.  Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.  Any resignation shall
be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any
contract with the resigning officer.

          SECTION 31.  REMOVAL.  Any officer may be removed from office at any
time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors in office at the time, or by the unanimous written consent of the
directors in office at the time, or by any committee or superior officers upon
whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors.

                                      ARTICLE VI

                  EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF
                        SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION

          SECTION 32.  EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS.  The Board of
Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the
signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf
of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of
the corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into
contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by law
or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the
corporation.  Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board of Directors
or otherwise required by law, promissory notes, deeds of trust, mortgages and
other evidences of indebtedness of the corporation, and other


<PAGE>

                                          16

corporate instruments or documents requiring the corporate seal, and
certificates of shares of stock owned by the corporation, shall be executed,
signed or endorsed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief
Executive Officer, or the President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice
President.  All other instruments and documents requiring the corporate
signature, but not requiring the corporate seal, may be executed as aforesaid or
in such other manner as may be directed by the Board of Directors.  All checks
and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the
corporation or in special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such
person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do.  Unless
authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of
an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to
bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to
render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

          SECTION 33.  VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION.  All stock
and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for
itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies
with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by
resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization,
by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, or any Vice President.

                                     ARTICLE VII

                                   SHARES OF STOCK

          SECTION 34.  FORM AND EXECUTION OF CERTIFICATES.  Certificates for the
shares of stock of the corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with
the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.  Every holder of stock in
the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name
of the corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief
Executive Officer, or the President or any Vice President and by the or
Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the
number of shares owned by him in the corporation.  Any or all of the signatures
on the certificate may be facsimiles.  In case any officer, transfer agent, or
registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a
certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar
before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if
he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.  Each
certificate shall state upon the face or back thereof, in full or in summary,
all of the powers, designations, preferences, and rights, and the limitations or
restrictions of the shares authorized to be issued or shall, except as otherwise
required by law, set forth on the face or back a statement that the corporation
will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers,
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional, or other
special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.  Within a
reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the
corporation shall send to


<PAGE>

                                          17

the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information
required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this section or
otherwise required by law or with respect to this section a statement that the
corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the
powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other
special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.  Except as
otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders
of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be
identical.

          SECTION 35.  LOST CERTIFICATES.  A new certificate or certificates
shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued
by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of
stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed.  The corporation may require, as a
condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the
owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his
legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require
or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation
with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or
destroyed.

          SECTION 36.  TRANSFERS.  (a)  Transfers of record of shares of stock
of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in
person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the surrender of a properly
endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares.

          (b)       The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform
any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of
stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the
corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner
not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

          SECTION 37.  FIXING RECORD DATES. (a)  In order that the corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting
of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix, in
advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and
which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of
Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the
day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at
the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is
held.  A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.


<PAGE>

                                          18

          (b)       In order that the corporation may determine the 
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other 
distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to 
exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of 
stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors 
may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon 
which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date 
shall be not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days prior to such 
action.  If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining 
stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the 
day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any stockholder of record seeks to have the 
stockholders authorize the calling of a special meeting, such stockholder 
shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to 
fix a record date for taking such action.  The Board of Directors shall, 
within ten (10) days after the date on which such a request is received, 
adopt a resolution fixing such record date, which date shall not be more than 
ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing such record 
date is adopted by the Board of Directors.

          SECTION 38.  REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS.  The corporation shall be
entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as
the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall
not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such
share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have
express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of
Delaware.

                                     ARTICLE VIII

                        OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION

          SECTION 39.  EXECUTION OF OTHER SECURITIES.  All bonds, debentures and
other corporate securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates
(covered in Section 34), may be signed by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, or
such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the
corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon
and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the
Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall
be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile
signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond,
debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the
persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or
other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of
such persons.  Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or
other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be
signed by the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of
the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of
Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the


<PAGE>

                                          19

facsimile signature of such person.  In case any officer who shall have signed
or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile
signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased
to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so
signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other
corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued and
delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature
shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the
corporation.

                                      ARTICLE IX

                                      DIVIDENDS

          SECTION 40.  DECLARATION OF DIVIDENDS.  Dividends upon the capital
stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law
at any regular or special meeting.  Dividends may be paid in cash, in property,
or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation.

          SECTION 41.  DIVIDEND RESERVE.  Before payment of any dividend, there
may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends
such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in their absolute
discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for
equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the
corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think
conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may
modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.

                                      ARTICLE X

                                     FISCAL YEAR

          SECTION 42.  FISCAL YEAR.  The fiscal year of the corporation shall be
fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

                                      ARTICLE XI

                                   INDEMNIFICATION

          SECTION 43.  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, OTHER
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS.  (a)  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.
The corporation shall indemnify its directors and executive officers (for the
purposes of this Article XI, "executive


<PAGE>

                                          20

officers shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934
Act) to the fullest extent not prohibited by the Delaware General Corporation
Law; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the corporation may modify the extent of such
indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive
officers; and, PROVIDED, FURTHER, that the corporation shall not be required to
indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any proceeding
(or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is
expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the
Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by
the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
corporation under the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) such
indemnification is required to be made under subsection (d).

          (b)       OTHER OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS.  The corporation
shall have power to indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents as
set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law.

          (c)       EXPENSES.  The corporation shall advance to any person who
was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or
executive officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director or executive officer of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final
disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all
expenses incurred by any director or executive officer in connection with such
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to
repay said amounts if it should be determined ultimately that such person is
not entitled to be indemnified under this Bylaw or otherwise.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this
Bylaw, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of
the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or
was a director of the corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply)
in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by the
Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who
were not parties to the proceeding, or (ii) if such quorum is not obtainable,
or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by
independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the
decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly
and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such
person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation.

          (d)       ENFORCEMENT.  Without the necessity of entering into an
express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and
executive officers under this Bylaw shall be deemed to be contractual rights
and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract
between the corporation and the director or executive officer.  Any right to


<PAGE>

                                          21

indemnification or advances granted by this Bylaw to a director or executive
officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right
in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or
advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim
is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor.  The claimant in such
enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be
paid also the expense of prosecuting his claim.  In connection with any claim
for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to
any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that
make it permissible under the Delaware General Corporation Law for the
corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed.  In connection
with any claim by an executive officer of the corporation (except in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a
director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to
raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such
person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to
any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable
cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the
corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such
action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances
because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware
General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the corporation
(including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its
stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of
conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  In any suit brought by a
director or executive officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an
advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or
executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of
expenses, under this Article XI or otherwise shall be on the corporation.

          (e)       NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS.  The rights conferred on any
person by this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person
may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to
action in another capacity while holding office.  The corporation is
specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of
its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and
advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

          (f)       SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS.  The rights conferred on any person by
this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors and administrators of such a person.


<PAGE>

                                          22

          (g)       INSURANCE.  To the fullest extent permitted by the 
Delaware General Corporation Law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board 
of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or 
permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Bylaw.

          (h)       AMENDMENTS.  Any repeal or modification of this Bylaw shall
only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect
at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is
the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the corporation.

          (i)       SAVING CLAUSE.  If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be
invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the
corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to
the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Bylaw that
shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law.

          (j)       CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.  For the purposes of this Bylaw, the
following definitions shall apply:

          (i)       The term "proceeding" shall be broadly construed and shall
     include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution,
     defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony
     in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
     whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative.

          (ii)      The term "expenses" shall be broadly construed and shall
     include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys' fees, witness fees,
     fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and
     expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding.

          (iii)     The term the "corporation" shall include, in addition to the
     resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any
     constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which,
     if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority
     to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any
     person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such
     constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such
     constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
     another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
     shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Bylaw with
     respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with
     respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had
     continued.


<PAGE>

                                          23

          (iv)      References to a "director," "executive officer," "officer,"
     "employee," or "agent" of the corporation shall include, without
     limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the
     corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer,
     employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
     venture, trust or other enterprise.

          (v)       References to "other enterprises" shall include employee
     benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes
     assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and
     references to "serving at the request of the corporation" shall include any
     service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which
     imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer,
     employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its
     participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in
     a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants
     and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted
     in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as
     referred to in this Bylaw.

                                     ARTICLE XII

                                       NOTICES

          SECTION 44.  NOTICES.  (a)  NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS.  Whenever, under
any provisions of these Bylaws, notice is required to be given to any
stockholder, it shall be given in writing, timely and duly deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to his last known post office
address as shown by the stock record of the corporation or its transfer agent.

          (b)       NOTICE TO DIRECTORS.  Any notice required to be given to any
director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a), or by facsimile,
telex or telegram, except that such notice other than one which is delivered
personally shall be sent to such address as such director shall have filed in
writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known
post office address of such director.

          (c)       AFFIDAVIT OF MAILING.  An affidavit of mailing, executed by
a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer
agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, specifying the name
and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or
director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and
the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima
facie evidence of the facts therein contained.


<PAGE>

                                          24

          (d)       TIME NOTICES DEEMED GIVEN.  All notices given by mail, as
above provided, shall be deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing,
and all notices given by facsimile, telex or telegram shall be deemed to have
been given as of the sending time recorded at time of transmission.

          (e)       METHODS OF NOTICE.  It shall not be necessary that the same
method of giving notice be employed in respect of all directors, but one
permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other
permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others.

          (f)       FAILURE TO RECEIVE NOTICE.  The period or limitation of time
within which any stockholder may exercise any option or right, or enjoy any
privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which any director may
exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege, pursuant to any notice sent
him in the manner above provided, shall not be affected or extended in any
manner by the failure of such stockholder or such director to receive such
notice.

          (g)       NOTICE TO PERSON WITH WHOM COMMUNICATION IS UNLAWFUL. 
Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with 
whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person 
shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any 
governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice 
to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without 
notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the 
same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given.  In the event 
that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of 
a certificate under any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, 
the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, 
that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such 
persons with whom communication is unlawful.

          (h)       NOTICE TO PERSON WITH UNDELIVERABLE ADDRESS.  Whenever
notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, to any stockholder to whom (i)
notice of two consecutive annual meetings, and all notices of meetings or of the
taking of action by written consent without a meeting to such person during the
period between such two consecutive annual meetings, or (ii) all, and at least
two, payments (if sent by first class mail) of dividends or interest on
securities during a twelve-month period, have been mailed addressed to such
person at his address as shown on the records of the corporation and have been
returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be
required.  Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to
such person shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly
given.  If any such person shall deliver to the corporation a written notice
setting forth his then current address, the requirement that notice be given to
such person shall be reinstated.  In the event that


<PAGE>

                                          25

the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a
certificate under any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the
certificate need not state that notice was not given to persons to whom notice
was not required to be given pursuant to this paragraph.

                                     ARTICLE XIII

                                      AMENDMENTS

          SECTION 45.  AMENDMENTS.  Subject to paragraph (h) of Section 43 of
the Bylaws, the Bylaws may be altered or amended or new Bylaws adopted by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of all of the
then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock.  The Board of Directors shall also
have the power to adopt, amend, or repeal the Bylaws.

                                     ARTICLE XIV

                                  LOANS TO OFFICERS

          SECTION 46.  LOANS TO OFFICERS.  The corporation may lend money to, or
guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee
of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who
is a Director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment
of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be
expected to benefit the corporation.  The loan, guarantee or other assistance
may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner
as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge
of shares of stock of the corporation.  Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed
to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation
at common law or under any statute.

                                      ARTICLE XV

                                    MISCELLANEOUS

          SECTION 47.  ANNUAL REPORT.  (a)  Subject to the provisions of
paragraph (b) of this Bylaw, the Board of Directors shall cause an annual report
to be sent to each stockholder of the corporation not later than one hundred
twenty (120) days after the close of the corporation's fiscal year.  Such report
shall include a balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and an income
statement and statement of changes in financial position for such fiscal year,
accompanied by any report thereon of independent accountants, or if there is no
such report, the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that
such statements were prepared without audit from the books and records of the
corporation.  When there are more than one hundred (100) stockholders of record
of the corporation's shares, as determined by Section 605 of the California
Corporations Code, additional information as required by Section 1501(b) of the


<PAGE>

                                          26

California Corporations Code shall also be contained in such report, provided
that if the corporation has a class of securities registered under Section 12 of
the 1934 Act, that Act shall take precedence.  Such report shall be sent to
stockholders at least fifteen (15) days prior to the next annual meeting of
stockholders after the end of the fiscal year to which it relates.

          (b)       If and so long as there are fewer than 100 holders of record
of the corporation's shares, the requirement of sending of an annual report to
the stockholders of the corporation is hereby expressly waived.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
